in 1903  ,  british cabinet ministers suggested the british uganda program  ,  land for a jewish state in `` uganda  ( the land they were thinking about is actually in the modern country of kenya )  .
it was a creature standing 3  6  ( 105 cm ) at approximately 20-24 pounds  .
a sounding of the sea bottom revealed more than 5 , 000 feet ( 1 , 500 m ) of water  ,  indicating no land nearby  .
the inexpensive and mass-produced ceramic products are sold throughout latin america and the united states  .
at the 1992 summer olympics they took part as independent olympic participants  .
cézanne s early work is often concerned with the figure in the landscape  ,  imaginatively painted  .
a fire breaks out in an old building .
maryland’s highest court overhauls the state’s cash-based bail system .
after the forms are removed from the foundation  ,  workers add a 1-inch ( 2 . 54 cm ) layer of sandy concrete  .
soldiers from the 6th regiment fired their guns at the crowd  .
the super bowl is over .  and now the world waits on peyton manning .  .
widespread resistance against the bigger power throughout the provinces lead to the batavian republic in 1795  .
it is said that he was the guardian angel of esau and a patron of the sinful empire of rome  .
why the libertarian and green candidates aren’t getting liftoff .
the names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the historical regions  ,  as they were created as purely administrative units  .
some people take off their shoes when they visit the field .  the farmer is happy .
one person who dies is a grandmother ,  but her granddaughter doesn’t die .  the grandmother puts her arm over her granddaughter .
they will grow more ,  so the price will go down .
he wrote the popular james bond dossier  .
twelve boys and their football coach trapped in a thai cave are safe .
the sickling occurs because of a single point mutation in the gene for the beta chain of hemoglobin  .
the washington post’s dan balz to interview dnc chair tom perez on tuesday .
because the verses were written in greek  ,  the keepers would always be helped by two greek translators  .
tickets for sir tom jones gig in northampton go on sale today at 9am .
woman sexually assaulted on fairfax county trail ,  police say .
the film was completed for $ 19 million dollars and grossed a remarkable $ 141 million at the box office in the summer of 1995  .
then he took a train with the soldiers to köpenick  ,  east of berlin  ,  occupied the local city hall and told the soldiers to guard all the exits  .
with the help of jay-z  ,  fort minor released its first album  ,  the rising tied  ,  to very positive reviews  .
defence ministry says us drones killed 67 civilians since 2008 .
celebrities put their shoes in the square too .  the pope puts his shoes there
the scientists changed genes so plants can use more energy to grow .
is glass-steagall linked to the financial crisis ?  .
he is very nice and calm .  he explores his new home .
all-star game singer inserts ‘all lives matter’ into canadian national anthem .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
maryland to study intersection where three family members died in weekend crash .
dozois has said that one reason he started reading fiction was to escape his isolated home town  .
viruses can only reproduce by taking over the reproductive machinery of cells through a process of infection  .
saints get back to winning ways .
cheryshev will be out for three to four weeks .
hurricane katrina began as tropical depression twelve over the southeastern bahamas on august 23  ,  2005  .
it was first seen on skycable  ,  later on dream satellite tv & other cable tv channels nationwide with 300 cable affiliates  .
former senator brian harradine has died after a long illness .  .
as zika fades from public consciousness ,  scientists continue to pursue the virus .
the average population density is 97 inhabitants\/km ² ( france : 110 )  .
it ran on wednesday nights between 10:00 - 10:30 pm on the digital and satellite television channel e4 from 6 september 2006  ,  for a total runtime of 30 minutes  .
this species of deer was first made known to western science in 1866  ,  by father armand david  ,  a french missionary working in china  .
as part of this comeback  ,  the bears have appeared in their first two dvd movies ( both computer-animated )  ,  as well as a few video games  .
it will be so much fun .
the wisconsin river is a river in the united states  .
during his research he became interested in the foundations of mathematics  ,  particularly after reading bertrand russell s principles of mathematics and gottlob frege s grundgesetze  .
gabrielle giffords’s gun control group brings its national campaign to virginia .
alvin bronstein ,  civil rights lawyer who pursued prison reform ,  dies at 87 .
the tropical depression intensified into tropical storm tip  ,  but it did not organize significantly due to tropical storm roger being so close  .
police ban passenger transport on hand tractor trailers .
moderate flooding happened in acapulco  ,  which caused mudslides in some areas  .
corner brook is home to the corner brook pulp & paper mill ( owned by kruger inc .  )  .
p53 a stele says they came `` in their war-ships from the midst of the sea  ,  and none were able to stand before them   .
it is his first barbie .
this happens in china .  a man is at a petrol station .  a staff member puts fuel in his car .
greek numerals are a system of representing numbers using letters of the greek alphabet  .
these books were a rose for her grave by ann rule and fatal charm by carlton smith  .
it has been ruled and influenced by the assyrians  ,  babylonians  ,  greeks  ,  persians  ,  and the arabs  ,  who made the island muslim  .
he has 3 studio albums  ,  as well as 2 live albums  ,  2 remix albums  ,  and 2 dvds with live concerts  .
in 1818  ,  he graduated with a degree in medicine  ,  and was appointed professor of physiology  .
the coco de mer has the largest seeds of any plant  ,  30-50 centimeters in diameter and weighing 15-30 kilograms each  .
they more than doubled their memory .
at the escolania  ,  they complete courses at the primary  ,  and beginning of secondary levels  .
its journey is the same every year .  it travels through pieces of rock between september and december .
the queen and prince philip have four children : charles  ,  prince of wales  ,  anne  ,  princess royal  ,  prince andrew  ,  duke of york and prince edward  ,  earl of wessex  .
the people there have problems with tumbleweeds .  this summer is dry ,  so there are a lot of tumbleweeds .
there are many different kinds of harps  .
students involved in violent crime and gangsterism on the rise .
there will be more mixed-gender events at the 2020 tokyo olympics .
with almost 600 species  ,  it is the second largest family of mammals  ,  and has animals in it in the new world  ,  asia  ,  and europe  .
putin announces his support for a unified kurdish state .
glycogen forms an energy reserve that can be quickly mobilized to meet a sudden need for glucose  ,  but one that is less compact than the energy reserves of triglycerides  .
why michelle obama has a prime spot at the democratic national convention .
the mormon tabernacle choir will sing at trump’s inauguration .
howland warned hocking to depart  ,  but hocking  ,  took out a pistol and refused  .
convicts who did not keep to the conditions of their ticket could be arrested without warning  ,  go to court without being able to appeal  ,  and lose all their property  .
we do not know why the accident happens
while in holland  ,  belmont urged american annexation of cuba as a new slave state in what became known as the ostend manifesto  .
wollstonecraft calls for equality between the sexes in particular areas of life  ,  such as morality  ,  but she does not write that men and women are equal in all things  .
they bring him back to quarantine .
they use credit cards too much .
it borders russia to the north and the people s republic of china to the south  ,  east and west  .
there are two reasons for this .  the moon’s core is either like a rugby ball ,  or it has an ocean inside
jury finds george zimmerman not guilty .
rand remains steady after death of mandela .
it was after the american entry into world war i .  he trained as an aviator and became a flying instructor  .
nearly 50 people killed in strikes on hospitals and schools in syria .
the new york committee made a plaque that commemorates the fundraising done to build the pedestal  .
it knows it did not follow the law .
the paintings he made in the years 1918-1924 were influenced by futurism and by the offshoot of cubism practiced by metzinger  .
republican yancey picked in random lottery; declared winner of pivotal va .  house race .
bragging rights ( 2009 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view ( ppv ) show made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe )  ,  that took place on october 25  ,  2009 at the mellon arena in pittsburgh  ,  pennsylvania  .
he buys a bottle of champagne .  he says that he does not want to play scrabble for the rest of the year
of the 94 , 000 seat capacity in the coliseum  ,  33 , 000 went unsold  .
the town s first local government was a board of health in 1871  .
they cut the washer open .  they free the boy .
may was ranked 39th in rolling stone magazine s list of the `` 100 greatest guitarists of all time  .
cosgrove says  ,  `` my wife thinks i m all right  ,  i called and said i was leaving the building and that i was fine  ,  and then bang  !
netflix orders psychological thriller series from ``damages creators .
red cross says nationwide donations for summer are down .
a plane is in the air .  it is a fighter jet .
aaron eckhart pretended his child died while at support group .
in 1918  ,  he accepted the music director s position with the cincinnati symphony orchestra  .
between 1917 and 1919 coins were issued using the name centavo for the 1\/100 subunit  .
turgenev was born into a rich land-owning family in oryol  ,  russia  ,  on 9 november 1818  .
anne s early education was the same for girls of her class  .
stockman: where am i ?  .
court rules for connecticut state worker fired for smoking pot .
private investigator accused of seeking trump’s tax records through financial aid website .
david pritchard credits the drop rule to the practice of 16th century mercenaries ( ronin ) who switched loyalties when captured-no doubt as an alternative to execution   .
they rose to popularity with their fifth studio album nothingface ( 1989 )  ,  which was the first voivod album to enter the billboard 200 charts  ,  peaking at number 114  ,  and is their most successful one yet  .
visual aids at appellate oral argument: which courts encourage them ?  .
dinosaur ridge is part of the morrison formation  ,  just west of denver  .
after a friendly pelican named nigel visits with news of marlin s adventure  ,  nemo succeeds in jamming the filter  ,  but the plan backfires when the dentist installs a new high-tech filter  .
the early boeing 707s and douglas dc-8s could not use washington national  ,  and dulles was not built until 1962  ,  so baltimore became washington s jet airport  .
the contestant who gets the most words after four rounds wins and moves on to the million dollar password round  .
the tanouye family was interned at the jerome war relocation center near jerome  ,  arkansas  .
the police arrest more than 100 people
ll bean recalls cottage step stools over fall hazards .
he was formally signed to world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) performing on its raw brand  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
idamante is kind and frees the trojan prisoners  .
he has an online shop .  you can buy body parts in the shop .
with over seventy seven million members  ,  the anglican communion is the third largest communion in the world  ,  after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches  .
the new ppo will help future nasa missions .
personal injury cash advance firms agree to reforms .
he sailed for india in april 1807 and arrived at serampore the following november  .
the treasurer is not the state s chief financial officer  ,  that is the illinois comptrollers job  .
opeth went on their first world tour after the release of their album blackwater park  .
one month ago ,  a man killed nine black people .  they were in a church .
nationals vs .  pirates weather forecast: sunny and sweaty; pack the sunscreen .
lme aluminium to retest support at $1 , 848 .
chesapeake senior basketball player kara blanchard turns ms diagnosis into a call for action .
the theme song for hung is `` i ll be your man  by the black keys  .
his collegiate first complete throw went to xavier carter for a 67-yard touchdown against mississippi state  .
it is as thin as the aluminium foil we use for cooking .
for several years  ,  however  ,  verdi did not allow his music to be played here because he did not like the way the orchestra had played it  .
the 1975 ,  phantogram and more just-announced concerts in the d . c .  area .
reward money increases for information about 13 dead bald eagles .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
the term ` nasal stop  will often be abbreviated to just `` nasal   .
the storm can be considered an early version ofhurricane vince of the 2005 atlantic hurricane season  .
the first woman to be ranked in the list was jacqueline moore who was ranked # 249 in 1993  .
no wonder that young people start thinking about outsourcing their complex tasks to someone who is an expert in their field of study to save time and improve their performance in college .
he thinks that russians wanted to see the warship .  he thinks that maybe they took pictures of it ,  too
the movie premiered at the 2011 cannes film festival and was released in the united kingdom on october 21  ,  2011  .
mick foley  ,  who had wrestled for wcw in the early 1990s as cactus jack  ,  won the wwf title as mankind on raw  .
the pectoral fins are short and wide  ,  and the two dorsal fins are small  ,  round and equal in size  .
the camera is in a car .  it is a police car .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
she also appeared in television advertisements for carnival cruise lines since 1984  .
statewide effort to prevent child abuse .
it will not tell everyone else
his father  ,  thomas j .  dodd  ,  was a united states senator from connecticut from 1959-1971  .
they are distributed worldwide  ,  and unusual in the insect world in that they can even be found in the arctic where they live in leaf litter and rock crevices  .
between 1944 and 1956  ,  the castle was used as a housing facility  .
federal judge denies justice dept .  bid to postpone baltimore police reform hearing .
the balkan wars were a series of wars fought in the balkan peninsula in 1912 ( first balkan war ) and 1913 ( second balkan war )  .
alan rickman never disappeared into a role .  but that’s what made him great .  .
he died in his home .
other visionaries simply imagine what does not yet exist but might some day  ,  as some forms of visioning ( or gazing ) can provide a glimpse into the possible future  .
the battle was known as one of the first naval battles of the american revolutionary war  .
then you can watch 4 videos which are for free .
a secret ,  supervised place where users can inject drugs has been operating in the u . s .  for three years .
let’s take race out of the felon voting rights issue .
supreme court rejects conservative challenge to ‘one person ,  one vote’ .
born goh kiat chun ( traditional chinese : 吳吉俊 ; pinyin : wú jí jùn ) in brunei on 10 october 1979  ,  wu studied at the chung hwa middle school in bandar seri begawan  .
the westernmost islands of the archipelago  ,  ( corvo and flores )  ,  are in the north american plate  ,  while the remaining islands are located within the region where the eurasian plate is separated from the african plates  .
the gulf of thailand has many coral reefs  ,  and several diving resorts  .
the oldest known document in maltese is `` il cantilena  ,   a poem from the 15th century written by pietro caxaro  .
zbikowski was also named a third-team all-american by the associated press and was a semi-finalist for the jim thorpe award  ,  presented annually ( annually meaning once a year ) to the nation s best defensive back  .
the hospital wants to help cats and other pets ,  too
there is a circus in the usa .  it is famous for its elephants .
episcopal guard nick reed chooses rochester basketball .
spuul ties up with boku for carrier billing; .
it is famous for its casino and harbor .
in 1867-1868 he published la terre ; description des phénomènes de la vie du globe  ,  in two volumes  .
these animals  ,  such as the american crocodile and asian brown tortoise  ,  have evolutionary links to the age of the dinosaurs  .
she didnt know she would become icelands first lady .
howard students injured in attack they describe as random .
in autumn 1941  ,  urey  ,  with g . b .  pegram  ,  led a diplomatic mission to england to establish co-operation on the development of the atomic bomb  .
kirkpatrick sale ( born in ithaca  ,  new york  ,  june 27  ,  1937 ) is an independent scholar and author who has written about political decentralism  ,  environmentalism  ,  luddism and technology  .
another 150 fishermen survived the storm by waiting on islands or sandbars  .
hopkins was making his second journey to the new world having traveled for ten years under capt .  john smith at jamestown in the colony of virginia  .
many starlings fly in the sky .  they fly together .
someone tries to steal wheels off car .
south cathedral mansions apartments in d . c . ’s woodley park to be sold .
ukraine says will grant amnesty to protesters .
she can be a queen .
it flies 700 metres into the air .
syrian rebels used sarin nerve gas -- .
an arab politician said the bill was racist and its aim was to make people hate arabs .
the typhoon produced heavy rain while passing near guam  ,  including a total of 23 . 1 cm ( 9 . 09 in ) an air force base  .
the statue is a bronze sculpture set on and backdropped by black granite  .
ghana is becoming very ,  very expensive .
the rulers of johor  ,  kedah  ,  kelantan  ,  pahang  ,  perak  ,  selangor and terengganu are styled sultans ( typically islamic )  .
a crew member dies while he and sulu ( played by grant imahara of mythbusters ) are removing debris from the hull of the enterprise  .
tobago to be part of coral reef early warning system .
the best known of these are the masks used by ancient egyptians as part of the mummification process  ,  such as tutankhamon s burial mask  .
plutonic or intrusive rocks are made when magma cools and crystallizes slowly within the earth s crust ( example granite )  .
steve montador’s family sues nhl over head trauma ,  fighting .
group b of the uefa euro 2012 began on june 9  ,  2012 and ended on june 17  ,  2012  .
by the end of the year there were 28 , 000 copies in print  .
whittaker stayed in south australia for nineteen months before sailing home on the katherine stuart forbes which left from port adelaide on 11 april 1840  .
in the 1990s  ,  there was a review of service records of asian americans who received the dsc during world war ii  .
a helicopter flies her to hospital .  sadly ,  she dies in hospital
paradise lost is an epic poem by the 17th-century english writer john milton  .
king’s christian boys ,  girls sweep misal basketball tournament titles .
the second specimen  ,  also described in the original paper  ,  consists of the back end of another skeleton  ,  including the hindlimbs  .
meet the stylist behind lena dunham’s hillary clinton campaign looks .
a baby otter is in a canal in arizona .
whistleblower suit: d . c .  employee fired after refusing to steer contracts to bowser donor .
it carries cargo into space .  the rocket explodes .
it has a good reputation .
a plan of action is being carried out to get something done with each of these sites  .
swinging london is a catch-all term applied to the fashion and cultural scene which flourished in london  ,  in the 1960s  .
‘the lovers , ’ with debra winger and tracy letts ,  is a charming late-in-life sex comedy .
the band s last studio album was down on the upside released in 1996  .
in some african tribes  ,  boys have initiation rites for 3-4 months and girls for 1-2 months  .
on june 1  ,  2007  ,  the hollywood reporter announced that greenwalt would serve as executive producer and showrunner on moonlight  ,  a new series that will debut on cbs in the fall of 2007  .
the name amaranth comes from the greek a ( not ) + marainean ( to waste away )  ,  i . e .   ,  a flower that never died that was believed to grow on mount olympus  .
on february 11  ,  it was said that 100 people of the town s population of 500 were believed to have died  ,  and that only a few buildings were left  .
this is a good find .  the horse is almost 2 , 000 years old
claudia johnson says that janeitism is `` the self-consciously idolatrous enthusiasm ( love ) for ` jane  and every detail relative to her ( about her )   .
at first ,  minaj wanted a fan to join her at a music show .
palahniuk wrote this story in his spare time  .
mark merlis ,  novelist who explored gay life in 20th-century america ,  dies at 67 .
spurs re-sign tiago splitter .
this is not always a good idea .
he studied the violin at the indiana university s jacobs school of music  ,  while managing to graduate from bloomington high school north in 1984  .
ellie merrill ,  publisher who helped guide washingtonian magazine ,  dies .
savate carry its name from the french word for `` old shoe  ( heavy shoes that were used to use during the combats ) and is now a combination of the french techniques of fighting from beginning of the century xix  .
people should keep this in mind when they use a flash drive to run application software or an operating system  .
singing voices an audio cd entitled return to pride rock : songs inspired by disney s the lion king ii : simba s pride was released in 1999  .
the political center of this district was in a log courthouse on coweta creek  ,  about a one-fourth of a mile west from the modern day center of the downtown coweta  .
arnold was in the west indies when the boston massacre took place on 5 march 1770  .
this is the first car curling in russia .
the washington post’s app icon on fire tablets will update to reflect newsworthy moments on election day .
durand became a city on april 12  ,  1887  .
one more night is a song performed by american pop rock group maroon 5 from their fourth studio album overexposed  .
clondalkin invests €1m to enhance packaging pharma ,  healthcare business .
therefore  ,  trade across the west of the sahara came here  ,  and it became the center of the sahelian kingdoms of mali and gao  .
the sweet dumplings are made of egg yolk  ,  flour  ,  sugar  ,  salt  ,  vanilla  ,  and milk mixed into a thin dough  .
kepler-22b s first transit in front of its host sun was observed on kepler s third day of scientific operations in mid-2009  .
dewani to appeal extradition to south africa .
it is a big tourist attraction .
no ,  the warriors without kevin durant can’t simply play like the warriors before durant .
it is made from only lego pieces .
older caterpillars have two different color forms  .
disabled metro train stuck outside east falls church station .
manchester metrolink ( branded and usually referred to as metrolink ) is a light rail system in greater manchester  ,  england  .
obama on mali attacks: ‘this barbarity only stiffens our resolve’ against terror .
harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban is the third book in the harry potter series by j .  k .  rowling  .
before the court decision  ,  china said that other nations should `` respect china s judicial sovereignty and to not do things that will interfere in china s internal affairs  .
two teens ,  13 and 14 ,  accused of fatally stabbing a homeless man for cash .
a fine thread started to separate itself from the cocoon  .
peace arch hospital calling for submissions .
they can make you fat and make your teeth bad
this allows a b cell to bind to a specific antigen  .
wrapping up his last foreign trip ,  obama tries to make headway on syria .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
he regained the world # 1 ranking again in october 2008  ,  and officially remained # 1 until january 2010  ,  when he fell to # 2 behind magnus carlsen  .
because it includes many suburbs of oslo  ,  notably bærum  ,  akershus has a large number of people living in a small area  .
croatia were best early on .  they looked like scoring first .
the 49ers are out of running backs so they signed pierre thomas .
woman sexually assaulted by man who followed her home .
that same year  ,  michele was nominated for a golden globe for `` best actress - television series musical or comedy   .
two rescued after boat catches fire near nelson .
between 60 to 70 cm in length ( without tail ) it is the smallest wallaroo and the most heavily built  .
over 18 , 300 people applied to nasa for 14 jobs .
toyotas profit last year was $23 billion .
instead they might attack the nobles family  ,  or burn his crops  ,  or kill his serfs  ,  or destroy his orchards  .
massive fire collapses atlanta highway bridge .
women get more utis than men because women have a urethra that is much shorter and closer to the anus  .
this lawmaker wants apple to explain how iphone x will protect the privacy of your face .
like kohala on the big island of hawaii  ,  the piton des neiges is an extinct volcano  .
dominicans ( spanish : dominicanos ) are people from the dominican republic  .
what the different weather patterns might mean for snow this winter .
the river hull is a river in yorkshire in the north of england  .
eunosville re-launched for en bloc sale .
he was most popular with roman catholics .
it is rush hour .
jeremy clarkson ,  richard hammond and james may now work with amazon .  they are making the show .
she is the host of spiritual cinema  ,  a monthly television show dedicated to spiritual movies  .
how trumps tune on manafort changed as investigators closed in .
his major teacher was professor bruno brun  ,  the founder of modern serbian school of clarinet playing  .
in british history  ,  the protectorate was the period 1653-59 during which the commonwealth of england  ,  scotland and ireland was governed by a lord protector  .
last week ,  vandals cut off the head and the body .
beyond building a more modern economy  ,  muhammad ali started to train a professional military and bureaucracy  .
selangor police to review firearms licences .
has obama elected more republicans than any human being in history ?  kind of .  .
a studio recording was released as a single  ,  and the song has been covered by aretha franklin and donny hathaway  .
how washington college president sheila bair plans to tackle college affordability .
he then decisively defeated pompey  ,  at the battle of pharsalus later that year  .
jury in trial of carlow man accused of raping three girls retires for third night .
.
the least bright galaxies are one ten-billionth the brightness of what the human eye can see  .
fetty waps label exec charged with attempted murder in paterson shootout  .
in new tv ad ,  sanders contrasts clinton’s speaking fees to her stance on the minimum wage .
trump ,  clinton ,  and the future of the courts – a reply to john mcginnis [updated with a response to james taranto] .
after the british withdrew from philadelphia in june 1778 washington appointed arnold military commander of the city  .
because of the high background density of asteroids in this part of space  ,  one might expect that a great number of asteroids unrelated to the collision that made the family would be present  .
rock creek park message board hacked .
spot is a name for a dog .
it will be a treatment option for the 3 % of people who are intolerant to other medications  .
clinton residents want to boost reward for arrest in slaying of 7-eleven clerk .
chris christie signs bill banning gay conversion therapy .
in 1946  ,  the trophy was changed to one made out of silver  ,  which was very rare in after world war ii  .
chopticon sophomore dominic crampton leads 35-32 win over no .  17 oxon hill .
facebook buys whatsapp for 19bn dollars .
now called ` back to booktown   ,  clunes holds the event every year on the first weekend in may  .
held at a range at kallithea  ,  the shooting competition was five events-two using a rifle and three with the pistol  .
titan industries launches e-commerce platform .
a dog was shivering under a chair .
police can control how many people can come .  many tourists come to venice .
peter capaldi ( born on april 14  ,  1958 ) is a scottish actor  .
event that were not part of the formula one world championship have a pink background  .
leila ryzvanauna ismailava ( belarusian : лейла́ рызва́наўна ісмаілава ; born 28 july 1989 in minsk ) is a belarusian journalist  ,  presenter and model  .
here is some news from a zoo .  this zoo is in ohio ,  usa .
he also produced some important work on `` living polymerization   .
at the end of the festival ,  all losing buffaloes die to become meat .
the zuiderzeewerken ( zuiderzee works ) are a system of dams  ,  land reclamation and water drainage works  ,  a project undertaken by the netherlands during the twentieth century  .
trump administration to end provisional residency protection for 50 , 000 haitians .
‘i wanted to hit a couple of those speakers so hard’ ,  trump says of democratic convention .
it is only 5 days old .
the district is located in the ore mountains ( erzgebirge )  ,  with the main rivers being the zwickauer mulde and the pleiße  .
egyptian police fire teargas and water cannon on protesters .
lady gaga fights for crown .
in a video ,  he talks about golf .
unicef ropes in sachin tendulkar as their brand ambassador .
because the heterozygote survives  ,  so does the hgbs allele survive at a rate much higher than the mutation rate  .
normal service expected at d . c .  area airports after overnight problems .
putin associates had $2 billion in offshore accounts ,  report says .
n . j .  police officer found dead in parking lot of shuttered movie theater .
this is a piece of genetic material seen in chronic myelogenous leukemia  ,  caused by the translocation of pieces from chromosomes 9 and 22  .
how the hirshhorn prepped for the kusama exhibition .
she began writing stories ( often with animals in them ) at age eight  ,  and had her first story published at age eleven  .
keith olbermann to host late night show on espn2 ?  .
she was diagnosed with schizophrenia in march 1961 at the institute of living in hartford  ,  connecticut  .
the car goes for 160 metres .  then the car jumps .
at the time of the roman empire  ,  there was a city here called scarbantia  .
marin cilic to appeal against nine-month doping ban .
allen e .  ertel ,  congressman from pennsylvania ,  dies at 78 .
he was the fourth of the hanan dynasty  ,  and his wife s name is given as mama anawarkhi or coya anahurque  .
fitz roy was captain of hms beagle and had traveled up the santa cruz river in 1834 and made maps of large parts of the patagonian coast  .
these nine house republicans voted against naming a post office for maya angelou .
he dies surrounded by his family
the washington post to roll out ‘fastest mobile news site’ .
there is a war in eastern ukraine .
in 2013  ,  ntu will accept its first batch of medical undergraduates at its medical school with imperial college london  ,  the lee kong chian school of medicine  .
as a result of the controversy  ,  timberlake and jackson were threatened with exclusion from the 2004 grammy awards unless they agreed to apologize on screen at the event  .
the war can be divided into four major phases : the bohemian revolt  ,  the danish intervention  ,  the swedish intervention  ,  and the french intervention  .
christmas was almost cancelled .
elisabeth hasselbeck makes debut on fox and friends .
only 26 people finish the marathon .
miss manners: location of surprise birthday party is surprise to the host .
in india  ,  punjabi is spoken as a native language by 3 % of the population  .
man charged over horrific sex attacks .
a professor said that the thinking about and doing the haka help to keep the brain healthy .
it is home to the embassies of qatar and spain  ,  as well as to the egyptian defense office  .
the head of the abbey was confirmed as the premier abbot in england  ,  also in 1154  .
edward vii ( 9 november 1841 - 6 may 1910 ) was the king of the united kingdom from 1901 to 1910  ,  which is called the edwardian period  .
police: driver in fatal crash is critically hurt .
the supreme court strikes down one of the worst scams in american politics .
sean spicer defends trump by ignoring what the president actually said .
around 23 , 000 fans come to it .
paris whitney hilton ( born february 17  ,  1981 ) is an american celebrity  ,  socialite ( someone who is very social and goes to a lot of parties and events )  ,  media personality  ,  model  ,  singer  ,  author  ,  fashion designer and actress  .
bush highlights need for immigration reform .
starbucks said anyone who entered a cafe ,  including restrooms ,  was a customer .
they are the simplest in structure of all ( metazoa )  .
5 million lights on it .
we will have self-driving cars soon .
transportation of abalone is only legal while the abalone is still attached to the shell  .
corruption creating instability in education sector .
however ,  this problem is changing .  experts have a new material .
it shows : mammals are set out by size with largest at the top  .
pompeo’s confirmation hearing to be cia director postponed one day .
cooperation with russia becomes central to trump strategy in syria .
pat woodell ,  actress on ‘petticoat junction , ’ dies at 71 .
gold analysts ,  bullish for 2nd week running .
some fire artists hold a special show .  visitors come watch the sparks fly .
they kill 28 egyptian christians .
jane lynch ( born july 14  ,  1960 ) is an american comedian  ,  actress and singer  .
it is also the capital of the rabat-salé-zemmour-zaer region  .
overall the united states followed the trend of other developed nations with a relatively large population of relatively rich households outnumbering the poor  .
now ,  we have some new pictures .  a nasa satellite takes them
rachel invites him to the prom with her  ,  sam and mercedes ( amber riley )  .
sometimes half of a unit s replacements would become dead or wounded within the first few days of combat  .
tcu quarterback trevone boykin hurt ,  probably out for the game .  .
the wind blew at 27 knots (50 kilometres per hour) .
on july 28  ,  2011 the bill was passed by the house judiciary committee  .
members founded the organization as the south african native national congress ( sannc ) on 8 january 1912 in bloemfontein to increase the rights of the black south african population  .
it is a very strong storm .
for example ,  he shows people how to make coffee .  he also shows people how to use the toilet .
it was born from our walk under the stars ,  from the song of the well ,  from the work of my arms .
it has many problems .
radcliffe is an asthmatic sufferer who has voiced her opposition to the use of drugs in sport  .
according to ernst mayr  ,  `` a subspecies is a geographic race that is sufficiently different taxonomically to be worthy of a separate name  the key lime is a shrub that grows to a size of about 5 metres in height  .
she supported legislation requiring gender price parity for dry cleaning  .
javi marroquin goes on tirade over stolen property – did kailyn lowry steal from him ?  .
the remnants hung on for a few more days and drifted south before being absorbed by a mid-latitude cyclone august 24 off the coast of california  .
the london zoo is the world s oldest scientific zoo  .
people hold this pet valentine’s event every year .  they want to encourage people to care about their pets
the shark does not catch it
waianae man arrested for allegedly shooting neighbors cat .
the book received much critical acclaim  ,  and has won a major literary prize  .
derby was awarded city status on 7 june 1977 by queen elizabeth ii  .
however  ,  on september 13  ,  the depression strengthened into tropical storm helene  .
stafford rangers dumped out of fa trophy .
the drug is often involved in drug intoxication  ,  including overdoses  .
he was married to ingrid quinn from june 7  ,  1997 to october 1999  .
millones de clientes de charter se quedan sin univision .
in this book braid described hypnotism as a state of physical relaxation accompanied and induced by mental concentration ( `` abstraction  )  .
this news is about dogs .  one type is popular in britain .  it is the type with a flat face .
conservation efforts began in the 1890s  ,  but they were not very successful until the kakapo recovery plan in the 1980s  .
police: allman brothers drummer trucks killed himself .
venezuelan leader nicolás maduro to meet with opposition ,  foreign mediators .
eugenio polgovsky ,  award-winning filmmaker who cast austere eye on mexico ,  dies at 40 .
this is due to healthy populations of tropical wildlife and the rich archaeological sites  .
researchers found that babies aged 4-to-6 months who ate eggs were 40% less likely to get an egg allergy .
the boats there are not good .
2010 was also recorded as the state s wettest spring since 1900 and the australia s third wettest year  .
an airport and medical clinic were built during the 1960s  .
in december  ,  2007 the band released a video of them walking around carnaby street  ,  london to the single `` the beginning of the twist  .
where to eat near the national museum of african american history and culture .
the main purpose of the line was to relieve congestion in the central area  .
western ( ottoman ) armenia was composed of six vilayets ( vilâyat-ı sitte )  ,  the vilayets of erzurum  ,  van  ,  bitlis  ,  diyarbekir  ,  kharput  ,  and sivas  .
arnold began the war when he was elected as a captain in connecticut s militia in march 1775  .
this news is from a village in england .
there are about 2 , 000 miles of roman roads in britain shown on the ordnance survey s map of roman britain  .
the iss circles the planet completely in 90 minutes .  daytime and nighttime change quickly for the astronaut
steven chu ( born february 28  ,  1948 ) is an american physicist who served as the 12th united states secretary of energy from 2009 to 2013  .
he has served in both elected and non-elected public offices  ,  including ambassadors from the united states and the 14th governor of arizona ( 1975-77 )  .
the county was declared a disaster area in september 1979 due to damage from hurricane frederic  .
he said no .
obama could pardon ald .  .
this all happened six years ago .
they are a good team .
many people want to work for nasa .
gov .  beebe proposes $5 billion budget for coming year .
it is brixton flour mill .  it is the only working flour mill in london .
fishing is also hurting it .  less than 100 , 000 giant lobsters live in tasmania .
most live in trees ( with a few exceptions like the burrowing owl ) and get their food on the wing  .
sen .  mcconnell wishes president trump success .
on february 29  ,  2004  ,  sony pictures animation announced the beginning of the production on its first cgi animated feature  ,  open season  .
they are beautiful and they are very ,  very small .
if trump’s budget passes ,  d . c . ’s poor will be the losers ,  city officials say .
they wear masks of shakespeare or dress as people in shakespeare’s plays .  a jazz band from new orleans comes .  they play a new orleans funeral
shelf life is linked to food quality  ,  expiration date to food safety  .
it is making people more aware of halal food .
curt stern ( 30 august 1902 - 23 october 1981 ) was a german-american geneticist  .
jon huntsman sr .  ,  utah billionaire and philanthropist ,  dies at 80 .
risk is a board game which is played with two to six players each with different colored army men  .
elizabeth egan gillies ( born july 26  ,  1993 in haworth  ,  new jersey ) is an american actress  ,  singer and dancer  .
it is located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of the central business district of union springs  ,  alabama  .
other people say this is bad .  it could lead to designer babies .
she was on medication for epilepsy  .
brooks orpik to miss fifth straight game with lower-body injury .
i was twenty meters from the wall and i still couldn’t see anything .
using the triad of the relative major is very common  ,  but because this is based on the third degree of the minor scale  ,  the raised seventh degree of the harmonic scale would cause an augmented triad  .
joanne lee and brianna schroer named full-time designers .
she says that they are not good pets .
out-of-pocket health spending in 2016 increased at the fastest rate in a decade .
with a firm focus ,  ace anthony felitti and gaithersburg baseball are rolling .
both marches were played two days later at a promenade concert in the queen s hall london  ,  conducted by henry wood  .
in september 1993 the band s first album pussy whipped was released  .
virginia tech student from maryland held in missing blacksburg girl’s death .
later in the 19th century the programs included more music by famous composers such as brahms  ,  liszt  ,  mendelssohn  ,  schubert  ,  schumann  ,  smetana and wagner  .
the indian rupee ( hindi : रुपया ) ( sign : ; code : inr ) is the official currency of the republic of india  .
aviation regulators discourage use of galaxy note 7 phone in flight due to explosion hazard .
the sporting events considered the most important in the czech republic are the ice hockey world championships  ,  the olympic ice hockey tournament  ,  the european football championship  ,  and the football world cup  .
she has studied under both heidi johanessen ( a member of the norwegian national opera orchestra ) and  ,  since 2002  ,  arnulf naur nilsen ( member of the oslo philharmonic )  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the debate is sometime called as the tinbergen debate  .
many wadis have pans of alluvium with rich soil that are also difficult to cultivate  .
5-year-old dies after getting crushed in atlanta rotating restaurant .
he takes off his hat and gets on one knee .
the gallery is funded by walsall council and arts council england  ,   .
furthermore  ,  pericles fostered athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist  .
immigration proposal contains bitter pills for both sides .
even though palmdale is in los angeles county  ,  it is not connected to the larger los angeles population area  .
alexandre `` alex  plante ( born may 9  ,  1989 ) is a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the oklahoma city barons of the american hockey league  .
the planet is called kepler-452 .
man ,  79 ,  struck and killed by pickup truck in maryland .
fred b .  ugast ,  d . c .  superior court chief judge ,  dies at 92 .
i am not playing lord shiva: .
he named the land he was given ` hornsby place  after himself  .
still life is a concept album  ,  and åkerfeldt explains that the album is about someone who `` is kind of banished from his hometown because he has nt got the same faith as the rest of the inhabitants there  .
how the fbi director systematically dismantled hillary clinton’s email defense .
the best word scores 176 points .
for example  ,  a divided by b is written this can be read out loud as `` a divided by b  or `` a over b   .
t-mobile ,  amazon ,  and other companies are accused of using facebook ads to exclude older americans from jobs .
the males can attack the females too much .
she gives an example with a toddler and its parents .
geoff ogilvy makes cut using wedge for a putter .
fbi director robert s .  mueller told congress that al-kidd s capture was one of the fbi s `` success  stories  .
ricky ponting should call me - michael clarke .
a 2007 study by turner and colleagues again found it to be closely related to unenlagia  .
it is about his work and life .  alan turing was a homosexual – he did not like women ,  he liked men .
each year since 2001  ,  the commune has hosted gmg ( aka giornata mondiale guzzi or worldwide guzzi days )  .
lott s second single `` boys and girls  was released on 6 september 2009  .
she is sixty but she is still working .
a pet dog helps reduce childrens stress .
authorities in indian-controlled kashmir seize newspapers ,  shut down cable tv .
turkey warned russia before about this .
gambia’s president agrees to step down ,  following threat of military intervention .
the sequel was not received very well  ,  with robert pardi of tv guide stating that the movie does not capture the heart and spirit of the original  .
no decision on mandatory audit of donation received by parties .
timur means iron .  why didn’t the tiger eat the goat ?  it is too lazy to hunt it
the word binda is thought to be from the gandangara aboriginal word for deep water  .
the 1845 greek revival style lloyd street synagogue is one of the oldest synagogues in the united states  .
the migrants must move to live in big white boxes .
at its height c 2900 bc  ,  uruk probably had 50 , 000-80  , 000 residents living in 6 km2 of walled area ; the largest city in the world at the time  .
a firecracker factory in indonesia explodes .  a firecracker factory in indonesia explodes .
taylor was born on november 15  ,  1830  ,  in watertown  ,  new york  .
the university also named the court in allen fieldhouse  ,  james naismith court in his honor  .
the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities is a convention  ,  that is  ,  international agreement for rights and freedom of any person with disability of any kinds made according to laws based on universal declaration of human rights called `` international human rights law   .
hugo says ,  2 this time .
judge again orders u . s .  to release guantanamo bay force-feeding videos .
schools to get share of £5million .
over the six years of the series  ,  gabrielle evolves from a naive  ,  idealistic teenager into a fully fledged  ,  but deeply conflicted warrior fighting alongside xena  .
damon albarn: its not a given that ive become a solo artist .
there are waterspouts .
many zoos take part in breeding programs to help this species survive  .
his fellow soldiers find him .  everybody is very happy .
podcast: book world editor ron charles catches up with geraldine brooks ,  joyce carol oates and colson whitehead .
they are going to live with families as pets
there are many of them .  many people come to watch the show
the australian parliament is bicameral  ,  made up of the queen  ,  a 76-member senate and a 150-member house of representatives  .
the park was created in 1972 and includes the golfe de porto  ,  the réserve naturelle de scandola ( a unesco world heritage site )  ,  and some of the highest mountains on the island  .
kate winslet gives birth to baby boy .  .  .  .
falling debris closes rhode island ave .  metro station for the second night in a row .
are you plagued by the serial get-out-of-debt disorder ?  .
the kwun tong line was extended across the harbor to quarry bay  ,  which became an interchange station for the kwun tong line and the island line  .
fairfax county advertises no change in property tax rate for next year .
throughout his career  ,  davis was credited with 21 confirmed victories  ,  1 probable victory and 2 aircraft damaged  .
for nearly ten years he worked on the relationship of man to the apes  .
this story has a happy ending .
alessia cara sulked through the jingle ball and stole the show .
stretching budget dollars for schools ,  police: the new normal for fairfax county .
mark hamill ,  the actor playing luke skywalker ,  agrees with the name .
maya dirado could have a long career in swimming ,  but she doesn’t want one .
the rooster is 11-feet high .
prince files $22 million lawsuit .
hispanic business reported that the singer earned over $ 5 , 000 , 000 dollars from these boutiques  .
he received the wwf gold medal  ,  and the j .  paul getty prize for his work  .
francis ii relinquished his claim on the low countries in the treaty of campo formio of 1797  .
the west does not like this .  the relations between russia and the west are getting worse .
this news is about a woman .  she is from peru .
vâlcea county has an area of 5 , 765 km ²  .
these damage our skin .
bobby dodd stadium at historic grant field is the football stadium at the corner of north avenue at techwood drive on the campus of georgia institute of technology in atlanta  ,  georgia  .
bede wrote the historia ecclesiastica gentis anglorum ( the ecclesiastical history of the english people ) in 731  .
sanders played college football at southern methodist university  .
newspapers are generally published weekly or less frequently  ,  which makes them useful only for general information such as contact numbers and locations  .
the wind is the strongest wind in 40 years .
five people die in the flames .  part of the building collapses .  it traps around 25 people .
after being trained at the texas wrestling academy  ,  london began competing for ring of honor  ,  where although he never won a title  ,  began popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves  .
he also made interiors and furniture for the art gallery `` lart nouveau  of samuel bing in paris in 1895  .
discovery to buy scripps in a $14 . 6 billion deal to lock down lucrative female demographic .
the price of marijuana is going to halve
he boards it .  people see that the baby is alone .
peter says ,  i will think about it .
in early adolescence  ,  he had a chance encounter with prominent occultist and high-ranking theosophist charles webster leadbeater in the grounds of the theosophical society headquarters at adyar in madras ( now chennai )  .
his first term was marked by sedco s involvement in the then largest oil blowout in history  ,  the ixtoc i oil spill  ,  which caused extensive environmental damage  .
he says his roommates from texas and georgia helped him create his imitation southern accent  .
new images show north korea’s extensive network of ‘reeducation’ camps .
in more technical language : some non-newtonian fluids show a change in viscosity ; the longer the fluid undergoes shear stress  ,  the lower its viscosity  .
some bombs are even under buildings .
pope prays before the tomb of st .  francis .
that is a lot .  this is a big robbery
he tried to compose a third symphony for andré previn  ,  but later gave up  .
obama and trump have had their ups and downs since the election .
it opened up the interior for permanent european settlement  .
sir frederick william herschel frs ( 15 november 1738 - 25 august 1822 ) was a german-british astronomer  ,  the greatest observational astronomer of the day  .
when a debian developer first uploads a package to be included in debian  ,  the ftpmaster team checks the software licenses and decides whether they follow the dfsg s rules  .
both the playstation 3 and xbox 360 versions of the game will include an online versus multiplayer mode over playstation network and xbox live respectively  .
he puts up 27 signs around london .
it is a parable about a fig tree which does not produce fruit  ,  unlike the parable of the budding fig tree  .
of the 32 main generators  ,  14 generators are on the north side of the dam  .
in 1770 wheatley wrote a poetic tribute to the evangelist george whitefield  .
u . s .  forces mounted secret raid to rescue western hostages in afghanistan .
nintoku is venerated at a memorial shinto shrine ( misasagi ) which is associated with the burial mound  .
facebook’s oculus facing $500 million bill in copyright case .
( 5 ) he graduated from hampton grammar school with ten gce ordinary levels and four advanced levels in physics  ,  mathematics  ,  applied mathematics and additional mathematics  .
after the indian rebellion of 1857  ,  the british administration exiled him from delhi  .
today the word has different meanings  ,  but it is always used for the contrast of a word or phrase with its primary  ,  literal meaning ( known as a denotation )  .
but in satyagraha  ,  these are not the goals  .
the game was released on 13 october 2008 in north america and on 1 november 2008 in the uk  .
former president carter to speak at bainbridge state college .
the speedway was purchased on november 14  ,  1945  .
marijuana oil bill clears last hurdle in virginia legislature .
since 1835 wirksworth s citizens had been promoting the idea for a branch line from the north midland railway ( later the midland railway ) at duffield  .
one may also round half towards zero ( or round half away from infinity ) as opposed to the more common round half away from zero ( the round half away from zero method is a common convention  ,  but is nothing more than a convention )  .
as interior secretary tours sacred tribal site ,  utah republicans push to protect it .
much of the crew s work is made up of cargo runs or smuggling  .
freeman sign in mechanicsville ,  va .  ,  meets its demise in two-car accident .
john kelly ,  trump’s chief of staff whose son died in combat ,  defends president’s call to gold star widow .
they are a large order of arachnids and rank seventh in total species diversity among all groups of organisms  .
there are protests in iceland .
republican governors and candidates move to keep muslim migrants out .
how much gabapentin gets you high .
a professor says money makes you bad .
citing zika concerns ,  rory mcilroy withdraws from rio olympics .
the final match was followed by short performances by musical acts badly drawn boy and doves  .
giants say no to martin .
the skeletons even have names – bernie and bernadette .
bell had held and played the violin  ,  and its owner at the time jokingly told bell the violin could be his for four million dollars  .
skinner left north america as a free agent and signed a one-year contract with russian team  ,  amur khabarovsk  ,  of the khl on august 12  ,  2010  .
this increased his popularity in both britain and ireland  .
the feather imprints were found in sandstone  ,  previously thought to not be able to support such impressions  .
the bellybutton nautilus  ,  nautilus macromphalus  ,  is the smallest species  ,  usually measuring only 16 cm  .
a plane flies around the mountain .
the gondwana rainforests of australia formerly known as the ` central eastern rainforest reserves   ,  are the most extensive area of subtropical rainforest in the world  .
the closing of the eiffel tower shows a paris transformed .
after the u . s .  supreme court told the state of texas that it did not give enough money to give dental care to poor children  ,  five years before 2012 the state of texas began spending $ 1 . 4 million more money on dental care for poor children  .
the 1940-41 nhl season was the 24th season of the national hockey league  .
the leader of australia says that the situation is not getting better .
peter omahony warns ireland: .
the shadow on the comet moves .  the probe is in sunlight .
they walk out of the prison .
it’s so mysterious ,  the moment when somebody cries .
blowfish has a 64-bit block size and a variable key length from 0 up to 448 bits it is a 16-round feistel cipher and uses large key-dependent s-boxes  .
the temple of jupiter  ,  capitolium  ,  or temple of the capitoline triad was a temple in the roman city of pompeii in italy  .
a gust of 81 mph ( 130 ) km\/h ) was recorded and power lines were hit  ,  leaving more than 1 , 000 homes without power in truro  ,  cornwall  .
now ,  the tigers are two months old .  their mother does not take care of them .
ted cruz says san bernardino shooting may be ‘radical islamic terrorism’ .
in 1861  ,  rodnia  ,  jr .  was about 49 inches ( 120 cm ) tall  ,  and george was about 29 inches ( 74 cm )  .
richard paul astley ( born february 6  ,  1966 ) is an english singer  ,  songwriter and musician  .
cx back into the pool of available domains  .
king henry i of england sent his royal legates to anjou to arrange a marriage between geoffrey and his daughter  ,  matilda  .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
it is part of the collection of thanksgiving point institute  ,  and displayed in the north american museum of ancient life at lehi  ,  utah  .
they need blood ,  too .  this project can help them .
people in the uk throw away a lot of disposable coffee cups .
baird used his comics while teaching for hess educational organization  ,  an english education business in the republic of china and singapore  .
when asked about their mission  ,  some of them claimed they had been told to go to paris to either kill or capture general dwight eisenhower  .
gold held good support at 1241/39 .
some religious groups do not allow uses of vaccines  ,  and some political groups oppose mandatory vaccination on the grounds of individual liberty  .
on 12 july 1937 he married simone melchior ( 1919-1990 )  ,  with whom he had two sons  ,  jean-michel ( born 1938 ) and philippe ( 1940-1979 )  .
9-year-old girl dies after two-car crash in maryland on monday .
prince yamabe was the eldest son of prince shirakabe ( later known as emperor kōnin )  .
one copy is kept at the dma in berlin  ,  the second is deposited in the music collection of the deutsche nationalbibliothek in leipzig  .
the government also made a tax on pornographic online services  .
the government bought arlington at tax sale in 1864 for $ 26 , 800  .
forcing china’s hand on north korea sanctions .
washington post breaks traffic record with 82 . 4 million visitors in august 2016 .
they take out the knife
2014 toyota corolla likely to be showcased at 2014 auto expo .
this powder - like the cocoa powder used now - was easier to stir into milk and water  ,  and led to solid chocolate  .
a holocaust scholar compared donald trump to hitler .  his high school placed him on leave .  .
a helicopter drops grenades on the supreme court there .
this news is about nabi tajima .  she was from japan .
caught on radar: thousands of birds took flight minutes before oklahoma earthquake .
manassas man charged in stabbing death of acquaintance .
the legend says that during the early time of the spanish period in the country  ,  two `` guardias civil  or spanish soldiers were lost  .
borst s works were exhibited in new york  ,  fort lauderdale \/ miami  ,  cologne and gran canaria  .
after court ruling ,  secret payoff schemes may raise settlement costs .
on the july 2 episode of superstars fans were told that punk had suffered a storyline eye injury  .
edward named his cousin  ,  lady jane grey  ,  as his heir and excluded his half-sisters  ,  mary and elizabeth  .
thabo mbeki calls to respect the right of zimbabweans to choose their own leader .
so  ,  they used the goat s milk to act as a sealer and preserving the wet and marble-like look  .
on september 9  ,  1923  ,  the organization officially declared itself as a political party and it was the republican people s party  .
unshackled by the trump administration ,  deportation agents discount basic decency .
i believe that for his departure from the planet ,  the little prince used the migration of wild birds .
people call the police .
they had other children  ,  richard ` dick  hart ( jr .  )  ,  hugh hart  ,  thomas hart  ,  nicholas hart  ,  esther ` ettie  hart  ,  jane hart and winifred hart  .
the battle flag was square-shaped  ,  and alabama s flag is sometimes shown as a square  .
before sunset on september 27th  ,  according to william of poitiers  ,  duke william s invasion fleet left for england  .
mike hughes ,  61 ,  taught himself how to make a rocket for $20 , 000 .
the little prince saw an old gentleman who wrote big books .
fundamental  ,  or color strong force is the nuclear force that acts between the three quarks that a proton or neutron is made of  .
woman sexually assaulted in columbia heights .
they find it in jerusalem’s old city .
organometallic chemistry combines aspects of inorganic chemistry ( the study of non-carbon bonds ) and organic chemistry ( the study of carbon bonds )  .
nfl fines chiefs ,  strips them of two draft picks for tampering with jeremy maclin .
buffon published 35 volumes of his histoire naturelle during his lifetime  ,  and nine more were published after his death  ,  for a total of 44 volumes  .
contract talks collapse between metro and its biggest union ,  triggering arbitration .
customers might think a cafe is environmentally friendly ,  but it is not .
amber alert girl missing from nc found in washington after crash .
who framed roger rabbit is a 1988 american fantasy-comedy-noir movie  .
a painfully slow hurricane relief effort in haiti gains speed .
chess is played on a square board divided into eight rows of squares called ranks and eight columns called files  ,  with a dark square in each player s lower left corner  .
gay couple arrested in moscow for trying to leave ‘love wins’ sign at orlando memorial .
the radula is usually adapted to the food that a species eats  .
two further lines  ,  known as mini-shinkansen ( ミニ新幹線 )  ,  have also been constructed by upgrading existing sections of line : another standard gauge line using shinkansen trains is not considered to be a shinkansen line : the following lines are under development : most shinkansen lines that were proposed during the boom of the early 1970s have been postponed indefinitely  .
one squad formed a new team in 1963 sc energie cottbus  ,  the reserve team formed bsg aktivist senftenberg  .
jay-z said that far too many people had jumped on the auto-tune bandwagon and that the trend had become a gimmick  .
a lot of people come to see this robot .
the dangers of ending net neutrality .
since the end of the 1990s  ,  the british army has used pinzgauer atvs as the vehicles that move the guns around  .
most dytiscidaes are dark brown  ,  black-ish or dark olive in color with golden highlights in some subfamilies  .
in the middle of the american revolution  ,  the storm caused heavy losses to british and french fleets  .
cleopatra visited rome on more than one occasion  ,  staying in caesar s villa  ,  outside rome across the river tiber  .
on february 25  ,  she won the free skate with a score of 150 . 06 points  ,  18 . 34 points more than asada  ,  who also came in second place  .
markandey katju apologises for his 90 percent of indians are fools remark .
the canadian national railway tracks run through the town  ,  which is located east of lac ste .  anne and south of the sturgeon river  .
the swiss people like to ride trains in switzerland .
edward snowden nominated for nobel peace prize .
my wife won twice last week .
the redskins said they wouldn’t make a splash in free agency .  they were right .  .
pope innocent xiii ( latin : innocentius tertius decimus ; 13 may 1655 - 7 march 1724 )  ,  born michelangelo conti  ,  was an italian cleric of the roman catholic church and the 245th pope from 1721 until his death  .
schumer: ‘i was encouraged’ by trump’s comments on daca .
the name was suggested by camille flammarion  .
theodor fontane ( ipa : ( ˈtʰeodoɐ̯ fɔnˈtaːnə ) ; december 30  ,  1819 - september 20  ,  1898 ) was a german novelist and poet  ,  regarded by many to be the most important 19th-century german-language realist writer  .
during stage 1  ,  cavendish crashed out of the final sprint  ,  with just under 3 km remaining in the stage  .
greece braces for week of fresh strikes .
it was made by film roman for alevy productions and fox kids  ,  and later nbc universal  .
a french artist hides the pyramid .  he puts an image on it .
the reichstein process developed in the 1930s uses a single pre-fermentation followed by a purely chemical route  .
microsoft said the wannacry ransomware attack happened because americas national security agency (nsa) stores cyber-weapons .
the elephant has a broken leg .  they take it to a doctor
port-de-paix ( kréyòl : pòdepè or pòdpè ; in english means `` peace port  ) is a city and the capital of the département of nord-ouest in haiti on the atlantic coast  .
trail blazers guard damian lillard to opt out of adidas deal ,  report says .
the b-side twice daily was banned by the bbc for being too raunchy  .
the toppings often include sambal ( chili sauce )  ,  dried fish  ,  and tempeh  .
he did not suggest a structure for it ; however doering and knox convincingly showed that it was tropylium ( cycloheptatrienylium ) bromide  .
they are identical in shape and color to ancient egyptian beads and other beads obtained from ancient cities in baluchistan  .
a party generally needs to have a certain level of success to be called a third party  .
the end of marco rubio’s campaign sounded like the start of his next one .
although not promoted as a soundtrack to the movie  ,  it contained all the songs from the movie and some additional songs inspired by it by lebo m .  the complete track list of the cd : ( a \* indicates songs inspired by the movie ) on august 31  ,  2004  ,  disney released an `` enhanced soundtrack  to coincide with the movie s 2-disc special edition dvd  .
trump administration to end provisional residency for 200 , 000 salvadorans .
for example  ,  the 1993 nobel prize in physics was awarded for measurements of the hulse-taylor binary star system that suggests gravitational waves are more than mathematical anomalies  .
darwin s previous book  ,  on the origin of species  ,  had briefly mentioned evolutionary interactions between insects and the plants they fertilised  .
planned parenthood president: our doors stay open !  .
waterford creek in loudoun county has 50 single-family homes on three-acre lots and offers country living .
trump’s attacks on the media are a gift to tyrants everywhere .
on 1 july  ,  they climbed a hill that basedow identified as both mount unapproachable and mount harris  .
as a result the amphibious scout and raider school was established in 1942 at fort pierce  ,  florida  .
the bombs explode .  four tower blocks are gone .
infants with uti sometimes eat poorly  ,  vomit  ,  sleep more  ,  or show signs of jaundice ( a yellow coloring of the skin )  .
her first novel was put up for the best first novel agatha award in 2007  .
ann broder ,  former arlington county school board member ,  dies at 87 .
fbi ,  prince william county police search for missing teen .
however  ,  video arcades remained popular in japan  ,  where they are called game centers  .
the fossils are from the jiufotang formation and yixian formation rocks in the people s republic of china  .
the driver pulls over .  he leaves the bus .
former milwaukee police officer acquitted in fatal shooting of sylville smith .
khan met his future second wife ( 2005 - )  ,  kiran rao  ,  on the set  ,  where she was an assistant director  .
baffin bay ( inuktitut : saknirutiak imanga  ,  ) is a marginal sea of the north atlantic ocean  .
in 1990  ,  the pollution prevention act was passed in the united states  .
bjts can be found either on their own  ,  or in large numbers as parts of integrated circuits  .
earlier theories ( e . g .  by alfred wegener ) of continental drift were that continents ` plowed  through the ocean  .
an example of a self-synchronising stream cipher is a block cipher in cipher-feedback mode ( cfb )  .
after universal studios got the movie rights to firefly from fox  ,  whedon began writing the screenplay  .
they can bring you many things .  however ,  google is still working on this project .
bird flu ( also called avian influenza  ,  avian flu  ,  bird influenza  ,  or grippe of the birds )  ,  is an illness caused by a virus  .
in late hellenistic egypt  ,  cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good  .
sutton foster ,  dancing on the edge .
in maryland ,  3 in 10 people have known someone addicted to opioids .
some other locations on the eyre highway or on the nullarbor do not have facilities or easy access  .
update 1-fitch cuts alcoa to ``junk status .
notre dame stadium is the home football stadium for the university of notre dame  .
winners in fla .  and calif .  yet to claim prize in historic powerball .
jackson performed at the halftime show at super bowl xxvii in january 1993  .
one man is from barcelona ,  spain
the west coast blues is a type of blues music related to jazz and jump blues  ,  with lots of piano sounds and jazz guitar solos  ,  which originated from texas blues musicians that moved to california in the 1940s  .
she is from the usa .  she was born on 16th august 1958 .  last week ,  it was her 60th birthday .
this year ,  111 people try .  only seven people slide to the finish .  others stop in the water .
the experts say that the moon is special .  something is not normal there .
( see the atlantique incident ) though the kori creek has little military value  ,  it holds immense economic gain  .
if people damage the crops ,  they can give him money
nyssa is a alien from the planet traken  ,  the daughter of tremas ( a consul of the traken union ) and stepdaughter of kassia  .
the singer turned down lucrative contracts from several top-name labels in order to establish her own new-york-based company  .
with the recovery of babylonian independence  ,  a new era of building followed  ,  and nebuchadnezzar ii ( 604-561 bc ) made babylon into one of the wonders of the ancient world  .
id love to play for iran: .
the wells fargo center is at the southwest corner of the south philadelphia sports complex  .
during the early settlement of australia by europeans  ,  the idea that the bunyip was an actual unknown animal that had yet to be discovered became common  .
asian stock markets muted .
ivanka trump plans to attend economic summit in germany .
it is the seat of the anglican bishop of worcester  .
during other times in its past  ,  laurentia has been part of larger continents and supercontinents  .
they say that this is a miracle .  the girl looks fine .
in later versions  ,  players can also store custom songs and play them on any machine on which this feature is enabled  .
d . c .  man ,  22 ,  dies after being shot in the back in southeast neighborhood .
we are healthier ,  eat better ,  exercise more and we have nicer lifestyles .
divorcing his first wife in 1899  ,  he remarried a rich parisian teacher some time after  .
the aboriginal people who lived in the area were part of the ngunnawal people  .
the road was built as part of a redevelopment of the area in the 1900s  .
madonna is the biggest woman singer .  she sings for 40 years .
i believe the young people will lead us .
kevin bridges announces third and final sydney show .
its stinky red leaves are open for only two days
strecker is one of the founders of uol  .
health care has improved ,  study finds ,  but the changes are small .
he became the district s sixth elected mayor since the establishment of home rule  .
freddie roach to train glen tapia; .
goo goo dolls perform new single ``come to me on the late late show with craig ferguson tonight .  .
cybersecurity bill advances in senate ,  but hurdles remain .
framingham is a town in the u . s .  state of massachusetts  .
sv neulengbach is a women soccer team from neulengbach  ,  lower austria  .
japan gets 99% of its bananas from other countries .
michelle keegans engagement ring doesnt fit her ``skinny fingers .
man ,  19 ,  shot last month in southwest washington has died .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
it could help power plants ,  heating and air conditioning .
house intelligence committee chiefs ask justice for proof of wiretaps on trump .
in the two-hour series finale  ,  sokka and katara meet with katara s waterbending master  ,  pakku  ,  who has now married their grandmother  .
forty people are missing
mr musk explained why openai gym is free .
there is good news from a national park in kenya .
the size of the standing army remained at about the 100 , 000-man mark decreed by the treaty  ,  but a new group of conscripts equal to this size would receive training each year  .
felix dassel  ,  who was treated at the hospital  ,  remembered that anastasia had a `` laugh like a squirrel   ,  and walked quickly `` as though she tripped along  .
the effect is one-way : germ cells produce somatic cells  ,  and more germ cells ; the germ cells are not affected by anything the somatic cells learn or any ability the body acquires during its life  .
after the roy moore allegations ,  can democrats really win in alabama ?  .
this original pulsar  ,  now called cp 1919  ,  produces radio wavelengths  ,  but pulsars have later been found to produce radiation in the x-ray and\/or gamma ray wavelengths  .
una foden wants more children .
people work on a plane .
a smoking laptop battery forced jetblue to make an emergency landing .
the will was very simple and he gave everything to hester  ,  his loving wife  .
offices of the opportunity house were later opened in thailand  ,  vietnam  ,  and the philippines  .
the academy is an independent  ,  scientific  ,  non-governmental organization  ,  set up to support the sciences  ,  mainly the natural sciences and mathematics  .
shortly before the 2002 state election  ,  doyle challenged napthine for the leadership of the liberal party  .
the news is brought that the doge is coming  .
the aristolochiaceae  ,  or birthwort family  ,  are a family of flowering plants with seven genera and about 400 species belonging to the order piperales  .
they appear to have crossed the lake to reach their current home  ,  the country around kavirondo gulf  .
shooting in charles county leaves one man dead ,  another wounded .
remembering ‘my home town , ’ a radio ditty that celebrated washington ,  etc .  .
amid russian investigation ,  twitter is making all of its ads public .
p253 family members did helpful work around the grounds  .
it is the second tallest building .
schoolgirl inspires parents new venture .
britten and pears returned to england in 1942  .
mount carmel cemetery is a roman catholic cemetery in the chicago suburb of hillside  ,  illinois  .
he moved to arden international for the main 2009 gp2 series season  ,  driving alongside edoardo mortara  .
p250p34 inside the house  ,  wilson discovered 12 strangers  ,  mostly women  .
this change was made because system planners expected traffic of the tsuen wan line would exceed that of the kwun tong line  .
the offer would be made by a capital increase through a new stock share issue  .
there were also smaller pockets of unrest in leeds  ,  leicester  ,  southampton  ,  halifax  ,  bedford  ,  gloucester  ,  coventry  ,  bristol  ,  and edinburgh  .
he makes people happy .
the syndrome shows that there may be riboflavin deficiency  .
the winner was 16-year old lovelyn enebechi  .
it was first published between 1827 and 1838  ,  in edinburgh and london  .
people come to watch .  they can watch the show every weekend evening until june 12th .  the show takes place in brooklyn ,  new york
people celebrate the day of the skull in bolivia .
dylan thomas sprouse and cole mitchell sprouse ( born august 4  ,  1992 ) are american actors  .
it is very hot in india .  it is 47°c .
now we know that fashion shows are like boxes of chocolates ,  too
the site master plan was created by architecture company yamasaki & associates and boeing aerosystems international  .
bobbi kristina brown’s hospice nurse accused of impersonating a nurse .
hundreds of people watch the plane go down
the division of north sydney is an australian electoral division in new south wales  .
they want to know more about it .  they want to know who did this
the season had a twist that started in survivor : palau called exile island  .
marilyn started weakening fast  ,  falling from its highest winds of 141 mph ( 227 km\/h ) down to 102 mph  .
keith bulluck arrested for felony robbery .
he has been interviewed about reincarnation in print and broadcast media in the united states  ,  united kingdom  ,  and canada  .
c .  aurantiifolia is a shrubby tree  ,  that grows to 5 m ( 16 ft )  ,  with many thorns  .
the biggest adults may reach a body length of 1 . 2 mm  ,  the smallest below 0 . 1 mm  .
examples of galaxies detected from their hi emission include dwingeloo 1 and dwingeloo 2  .
they also boycotted the 1956 games in melbourne because of the soviet union s invasion of hungary  .
they may accept that evolutionary change is possible within species ( microevolution )  ,  but deny that one species can evolve into another ( macroevolution )  .
the mill needed to be heated in order to process the silk and this was explained in the 1718 patent  .
east ayrshire ( scottish gaelic : siorrachd inbhir àir an ear ) is one of 32 council area of scotland  .
alessandro del piero commits to play for a-league all stars against juventus .
edwards lives with his wife alison in gosforth  ,  newcastle upon tyne  .
the ediacaran period was previously called the vendian period  .
among other tales  ,  he was said to have carried a bull on his shoulders and to have burst a band about his forehead by inflating the veins of his temples  .
this happens in yemen .  this happens in yemen .
fbi database for gun buyers missing millions of records .
it scares the people .  the plane moves from side to side .  the people cry and pray .
he also appointed a man  ,  turi  ,  to the position of viceroy of cush  ,  also known as the `` king s son of cush  .
the 1931-32 nhl season was the fifteenth season of the national hockey league  .
they want to show this emotion .
sometime after the ceremony  ,  zuko visits ozai s prison and demands he tell him the location of the banished ursa  ,  zuko s mother  .
wikipedia : did you know ( dyk ) is the project page for coordinating the content of the `` did you know  .  .  .   section on the main page  .
so far the only close-up images of umbriel are from the voyager 2 probe  ,  which made observations of the moon during its uranus flyby in january  ,  1986  .
the united states presidential election of 2000 was a contest between democratic candidate al gore  ,  then-vice president  ,  and republican candidate george w .  bush  ,  then-governor of texas and son of former president george h .  w .  bush  .
where to eat and drink near the verizon center .
he was recruited to be on the rowing team  ,  but later walked onto the football team  ,  playing tight end for two years  .
scientists believe they can run up to 50 km\/h ( 31 mph )  .
katie ledecky throws out first pitch ,  while bryce harper holds her medals .
the number of stripes also changed : originally  ,  the flag was designed with seven horizontal stripes  ,  and in 1845 it was officially changed to eight stripes ( and at one point  ,  nine but was changed back to eight )  .
its main rivers are the guandu river  ,  the piraí  ,  the paraíba do sul  ,  the macaé and the muriaé  .
this news is about animals .
he played in the carnegie hall in new york  ,  playing richard strauss s don quixote with the composer conducting  .
cecilia  ,  subtitled `` memoirs of an heiress   ,  is an 18th century novel by frances burney  .
dolores o’riordan ,  international sensation as lead singer of the cranberries ,  dies at 46 .
walker admits to poor judgement .
one flies out when the pickup is flipping .  it is quite shocking .
maren was born on january 24  ,  1920 in boston  ,  massachusetts  .
prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the uk  ,  the largest of which in star city  ,  birmingham had a floor area of around 950 square metres  .
they emigrated to armenia in 1946  .
marcus johansson misses practice with ‘upper-body’ injury .
duilio beretta and roberto quiroz defeated oliver golding and jiří veselý 6-1  ,  7-5 in the final  .
the digger pulls out the cash machine .
there  ,  she suddenly became ill and died at the age of 28  .
after graduating he joined the physiology department at university college as an assistant lecturer  .
the show is based on the original dutch language show big brother  ,  which was created in 1997 by john de mol  .
in april 2005 he was cleared of all charges  .
in memo ,  trump administration weighs expanding the expedited deportation powers of dhs .
the order of search results ( ghits for google hits ) on google s search-results pages is based  ,  in part  ,  on a priority rank called a `` pagerank   .
phil pepe ,  sports writer ,  dies at 80 .
it has the most working gadgets on it
finlay was accompanied to the ring by his returning `` son  hornswoggle  ,  who was injured at the hands of jbl a few weeks ago on raw  .
the speed limits on madrid´s roads are also down to reduce pollution .
the cbbc website has a wide range of activities  ,  such as games  ,  puzzles  ,  message boards and frequently updated news feeds  .
this campaign commemorates 50 years of the red list .  the red list is a list of endangered species
foreign office urges britons to leave .
there is an attack in venezuela .  a helicopter drops grenades on the supreme court there .
this asteroid is the smallest object that has rings .  we don’t know how the rings are formed .  they are probably made of ice and rocks
george melville was killed by hanging in front of many people for stealing from the mcivor gold escort near castlemaine in 1853  .
the first change came from camille flammarion in 1921  ,  who added messier 104 after finding messier s side note in his 1781 edition of the catalogue  .
it is a model of the death star .
the majority of arab indonesians live on java  ,  mostly in east java  .
( c4 was the uk channel where ali g and borat originally appeared  ,  and the series for america was a hbo\/c4 co-production )  .
the project gutenberg encyclopedia is actually the eleventh edition of the encyclopædia britannica  ,  renamed to address britannica s trademark concerns  .
it was additionally praised for showing lopez s transition from her acting career to a music career  .
their debut album  ,  disorder  ,  was released in october  ,  and made it to the top 5 of the indies oricon daily charts  .
johor is a state in malaysia .
no one is hurt in the incident
she has written music for orchestra  ,  chamber music  ,  vocal and choral music  .
mafic lava  ,  before cooling  ,  has a lower viscosity than felsic lava due to its lower silica content  .
he was a heavy drinker  .
it will also make at least 10 new products .
they are a new sort of primates because they are different from other primates .
he spent most of his reign after garigliano trying to weaken the byzantine authority in apulia and the campania  .
about 7 . 8 light years from the earth  ,  it has an apparent magnitude of 13 . 5 and can only be seen with a large telescope  .
memory care facility planned .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
joe tiller ,  who led purdue football to new heights ,  dies at 74 .
by 1955  ,  he had received his ph . d .  in mathematics  ,  and they had worked out the direct methods in x-ray crystallography  .
ricciardo started karting at the age of nine  .
when the jellyfish came back and told ryūjin what had happened  ,  ryūjin became so angry that he beat the jellyfish until its bones were all broken  .
soon after  ,  nitro began teaming with joey matthews  ,  later known as joey mercury  .
meghan markle claims she’s never ‘defined’ herself by the relationship she’s in .
washington s second full term was finished by eugene sawyer  ,  the second african american mayor of chicago  .
airlines cancel about 240 flights .  two thousand people must wait at the airports
the girl is with her family now .
it was formed by the british phonographic industry and british association of record dealers in 1992  .
in a third of the u . s .  ,  more white people are now dying than being born .
this butterfly can be seen from march to april and again in august to october in the southern part of its range  .
justin timberlake to play the riddler ?  .
skip bayless is leaving espn ,  reportedly for fox sports .
el gato negro ( in english `` the black cat  ) is the name of two fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by azteca productions  .
compensation can hide real or imagined problems and personal or physical inferiority  .
gwyneth paltrow and chris martin separate .
charles ii ( 29 may 1630 -6 february 1685 )  ,  was king of england  ,  ireland  ,  and scotland  ,  from 1649 to 1685  .
can anyone inside or outside the white house stop stephen bannon ?  .
a supermarket chain drops the price of a popular food .
initially  ,  self-talk is very much a tool of social interaction and this tapers to negligible levels when the child is alone  .
this emperor is venerated at a memorial shinto shrine ( misasagi ) which is associated with the burial mound  .
national zoo euthanizes sloth bear hana .
the earliest known recipes are from 1600 bc\/bce and came from an akkadian tablet from southern babylonia  .
he made his major league debut in september of 1997  .
different kinds of the 1970s often have little or no concavity  ,  whereas 1980s models have deeper concavities and steeper kicktails  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
often referred to as s .  r .  nathan  ,  he became president on september 1  ,  1999  .
northeast d . c .  man killed in shooting early sunday .
canada protects snowy owls .  people must not kill them .
of her six children with alois  ,  only adolf and paula survived childhood  .
this is the second time he does this .
general eisenhower and his staff chose the ardennes region  ,  held by the first united states army  ,  as an area that could be held by as few troops as possible  .
they do tricks at a skatepark
the chinese president visits great britain .
he was elected to the united states house of representatives in 1870  ,  serving from 1871 to 1879  .
released on march 30  ,  1987 through a&m records  ,  the album was a huge commercial success selling over 2 million units worldwide  ,  peaking at number 7 on the us billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide  .
named after the astronomer edwin hubble  ,  the hubble space telescope can observe 24 hours a day  .
british police identify attacker who killed four in london rampage .
the collection today includes paintings of joseph wright of derby and porcelain from derby and the surrounding area  .
it was produced by walt disney animation studios and distributed by walt disney pictures  .
sonny burgess ,  boisterous rockabilly singer ,  dies at 88 .
i study here because of him .  i want to find him .
bernie hunhoff to run for senate .
uranus is the seventh planet from the sun in the solar system  .
a cloud application influences the cloud model of software architecture  ,  often eliminating the need to install and run the application on the customer s own computer  ,  thus reducing software maintenance  ,  ongoing operations  ,  and support  .
a hot supergiant of approximately 30 solar masses is in orbit around the primary  ,  although an enormous thick red nebula surrounding eta carinae makes it impossible to see this companion optically  .
in these countries  ,  the chief executive officer presides over the executive board and the chairman presides over the supervisory board and these two roles will always be held by different people  .
kim zolciak and kroy biermann expecting twins .
nicole kidman was born in honolulu  ,  hawaii while her australian parents were temporarily in the united states on educational visas  .
daniel johnston  ,  born 1961  ,  is an american songwriter  ,  singer  ,  and artist who lives in texas  .
`` jumpin   ,  jumpin   is a song recorded by destiny s child  .
at the united nations ,  u . s .  and cuba clash over embargo .
below his gaping anus  ,  his dangling penis and scrotum were visible  ,  as well as a ring on the ring finger of his left hand  .
a shopping centre is in the city .  a fire starts in the shopping centre .
the walls are only three centimetres thick ,  but the material is very strong .  it is five times harder than normal materials
patterson s amateur record was 44-4 with 37 knockouts  .
death of detroit arena worker is being investigated as a suicide ,  police say .
johor experiences wet equatorial weather with monsoon rain from nov until feb blowing from the south china sea  .
finally ,  a good service offers online assistance to write the main parts (introduction ,  main body ,  conclusion ,  and thesis) of your homework .
you can listen to 40 million songs with apple music .
the leaves are simple  ,  entire  ,  opposite  ,  elliptical ; they are 1-2 cm long and 0 . 2-2  . 5 cm broad  ,  dark green  ,  and with a spicy scent if broken into many small pieces  .
it won the primetime emmy award for outstanding animated program ( for programming less than one hour ) in 1990  .
the monastic abbey was completed in 1089 but not consecrated until holy innocent s day  ,  28 december 1115  ,  by the archbishop of rouen  .
police go in the streets .
the truck has an accident .  the bees fly everywhere .
it does not have many resources .  in one region ,  there are avalanches .
the double sharp symbol ( ) is at u +1 d12a  .
they have made many recordings including all shostakovich s string quartets and all beethoven quartets  .
schools should support gifted students ,  not work against them .
asakawa helped found japan studies and asian studies in the united states  .
the decade of 1840s featured the 1840-1849 atlantic hurricane seasons  .
she waits for him there
the castle later went to their daughter maria  ,  who married prince chlodwig hohenlohe-schillingsfürst  .
it also tells you if an attack is coming .  you can find information about different areas of the city .
proflight zambia successfully launches second international route .
people are still looking for the black box system .
thomas alva edison ( february 11  ,  1847 - october 18  ,  1931 ) was an american inventor  ,  who invented many things  .
the police investigate this incident
you would see things on them .
almost 16 million people do not have clean water .
monks and nuns had been at the cathedral since the seventh century  .
the fire burns nearly 160 , 000 acres of land .
nelson expressed his disgust on his website  ,  referring to wolf as a `` gory jackal   ,  and threatened to sue him  .
this story of the adventures of young charlie bucket inside the chocolate factory of eccentric candymaker willy wonka is often considered one of the most beloved children s stories of the 20th century  .
now ,  the baby is ten weeks old .  he is healthy .
tornadoes hit central and southern us .
it covers a large area west of sydney  ,  including the blue mountains  ,  and the hawkesbury region on sydney s western edge  .
federal grand jury indicts top officials of waste management .
people who want dst to end say it increases energy costs .
jane austen lived her entire life as part of a large and close family  .
in march of 2010  ,  flyers gm paul holmgren announced that emery would miss the remainder of the season because of avascular necrosis and that a bone graft would be done to alleviate his hip issues  .
,  jbl announced that mysterio would take on the great khali later that night  .
on 9 november 1989 the wall was opened  ,  and the two cities were once again physically - but not legally - united  .
thus undergraduate studies + the centralien programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ects credits as applicable in the european education system  .
shetland was christianised in the 10th century  .
gun store operator ,  neighbors may meet over arlington dispute .
this one happens in london .  a van hits people on london bridge .
the village is 6 miles ( 9 . 7 km ) south west of tavistock and 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of plymouth  .
at least one person dies .  the tornado destroys around 40 homes .
italian navy italian army the jsdf has brigades operated similar to marines : the ancient greek states did not possess specialized marine infantry  ,  instead they used hoplites and archers as an onboard contingent ( epibatai )  .
ducks captain ryan getzlaf nearing return .
later  ,  many of his paintings and works on paper moved into `` romantic symbolism   ,  and their titles can be interpreted visually through shapes and forms and words  .
while helping  ,  another driver lost control and hit jeckle and another man  .
american swimmer ryan murphy wins gold in the 200-meter backstroke .
they are sluggish and slow moving  ,  propelling themselves along with their tails  ,  rather than using their disc-shaped bodies  ,  as other rays do  .
three of anton bruckner s ten numbered symphonies are in c minor  .
it is marketed as the salts codeine sulfate and codeine phosphate  .
the series finale aired on may 23  ,  2010  .
joe flacco: i wont change leadership style .
otherwise  ,  the individual may not be allowed to take part in ceremonies or even in social ritual such as marriage  .
billionaire financier george soros shifts $18 billion to his charitable foundation .
former wife of islamic state leader released by lebanon in prisoner swap .
putting police officers on metrobuses is not the answer .
aid convoy reaches damascus suburb for the first time since 2012 ,  u . n .  says .
the benrath castle is one of the largest castles from baroque time in germany  .
now ,  french authorities make a video .  the video is about terror attacks .
tokyo suffered two major catastrophes in the 20th century  .
donald trump declares war on the press .
the closest countries are papua new guinea  ,  malaysia  ,  and east timor which share land borders with indonesia  .
5 billion dollars
former president george hw bush joins twitter .
at 100 days ,  trump’s big talk on the economy lacks substance .
the man falls out of his wheelchair .
people in poland and thailand see them
the resolution asked that the president would designate september 11 of each year as `` patriot day  .
he is buried at the theatiner church  .
some flightless varieties of island birds are closely related to flying varieties  .
residents stung by bees after tree falls on apartment .
it takes them only 30 days to build the skatepark .
the flag of kentucky was adopted on march 26  ,  1918  .
mim opposes hyderabad as common capital .
the trumpeter swan makes a big mound nest  ,  and flamingos make mounds  ,  too  .
this man is disabled .  he rides on a mobility scooter .  the criminal tries to take the man’s bag .
he was a member of the delta upsilon fraternity just like his father  .
this is sometimes written as we can also define an alternative form of the heaviside step function as a function of a discrete variable n : where n is an integer  .
he was under contract with lightworks producing group to create production ideas for cable television programming focusing on residential design and is in production with bruce barber on a regional radio program the real life survival guide scheduled to begin airing in 2011  .
‘teen mom 2’ star jenelle evans fires back during custody battle over son .
systems engineering is a field of engineering that deals with complex engineering projects which should be designed and managed over the life cycle of the project  .
the man called this heliography .  that means drawing with the sun
in 2005  ,  gray matter interactive and treyarch became one company  .
ernst mayr approached the problem with a definition for the concept species  .
rafael nadal ,  novak djokovic among those confirmed for exhibition league .
he lived at the berlin zoo .
apollo and artemis used poisoned arrows to kill them  ,  though according to some versions at least one niobid was spared  ,  ( usually meliboea )  .
u . s .  men’s team to play at rfk stadium in october .
red line service returns to normal .
fra angelico was one of the friars from fiesole who moved to florence  .
now the little tigers are one month old .
they become gregarious and migratory when their populations become dense enough  .
the un is shocked by reports of slavery in libya .
unlike many other universities  ,  all pardee rand graduate school students receive fellowships in order to cover their education costs  .
new 12-story apartment building in arlington to target low- and middle-income renters .
he later competed at ipc european and world championships  .
there is fire everywhere .
anticipation of a threat to supply by a potential hurricane chris coupled with high demand during an ongoing heat wave were cited as part of the reasons in the price move  .
fontaine  ,  having been cornered  ,  injects himself with huge amounts of adam and becomes an monster  .
there are four young people in the car .  the car stops .
alice walker met martin luther king jr .  when she was a student at spelman college  .
he became an assistant for his professor alphonse balat  ,  architect to leopold ii of belgium  .
daniel ricciardo to replace mark webber at red bull .
latter versions of script included advanced features such as automatic generation of a table of contents and index  ,  multi-column page layout  ,  footnotes  ,  boxes  ,  automatic hyphenation and spelling verification  .
vale park has been port vale s home ground since 1950  .
martin shkreli pleads not guilty in a stock scheme .
man fatally shot in southeast d . c .  on saturday night .
oliwa passed south of wake on september 6  ,  where it caused heavy rains but no damage  .
failed federal drug tests among transportation workers soar by 77 percent amid opioid epidemic .
he attended the medical school at the university of turin  .
versarien widens h1 pretax loss to £0 . 4m .
rescuers send for a resuscitator in dr .  phillips s house on the other side of the lake  .
on the janmashtami day in 1955  ,  he read out the whole bhagavad gita  .
the edge of ocean currents can cause thunderstorm bands due to heat differences where they meet  .
there are 200 of them .  they work to stop the fire and save people .
three former penn state officials appear in court .
you can send him to prison .
people can get it when happy things happen too .
malaysia ,  philippines agree on peaceful settlement of disputes in south china sea .
erdogan says turkey may ban facebook and youtube .
the documentary tells the story of chief justice inspector friedrich kellner ( pronounce ) who wrote a secret diary during world war ii  .
going to bed late could shorten our life .
hong kong’s beijing-backed chief executive says he won’t seek second term .
itch has many similarities to pain and both are unpleasant sensory experiences but their behavioral response patterns are different  .
the bicester military railway had been built by the government in 1941  .
forget trump and clinton .  ‘black jeopardy’ is snl’s best political sketch this year .  .
it connected to the main line at baker street  .
they hold posters .
these lighter renaissance pieces led to the development of the 3-pounder and 4-pounder regimental guns of the 17th century  ,  notably in the army of gustavus adolphus  .
the latest known remains of the species have been carbon dated to about 7 , 700 years ago  .
it is made up of two peninsulas ( connected by the mackinac bridge )  .
d . c .  police investigate fatal shooting in southeast washington .
vice president pence to fundraise for gillespie in virginia governor’s race .
it is made by boiling a mixture of milk or cream  ,  sugar ( s )  ,  butter  ,  and vanilla flavoring  .
she said  ,  `` i write my own music and  ,  therefore  ,  it takes me longer to put out records cause i have to live my life to get inspiration  .
will bill oreilly be forced out at fox news ?  .
staples center sold $1 . 2 million in kobe bryant merchandise during farewell game .
this is a private conversation .
russian hackers targeted arizona election system .
the regions are further divided into 81 departments  .
there are also hybrid games combining traits of both pool and carom billiards  ,  such as english billiards  ,  american four-ball billiards  ,  cowboy pool and bottle pool  .
vengeful victory !  lifestyle guru martha gloating over rival gwyneth’s goop downfall .
prince william board chairman and longtime county prosecutor reelected .
it is a girl .  other elephants come to meet her .
dio cassius said that over 9 , 000 wild animals were killed during the opening games  .
chris brown modifies his lamborghini aventador .
it is also a contactless smartcard which passengers must touch onto an electronic reader when entering and leaving the transport system in order to validate it or deduct funds  .
the owner of the animals films them .  she puts the video on the internet .
for really embarrassing blunders  ,  ^ u ( kill line ) can outdo a series of ^ w .  the backspace is distinct from the delete key  ,  which in paper media for computers would punch out all the holes to strike out a character  ,  and in modern computers deletes text following it  .
the new charing cross tube station created a new interchange  ,  from the stations of strand on the northern line and trafalgar square on the bakerloo  .
kate kelly  ,  the sister of bushranger ned kelly  ,  lived in forbes  .
he holds a chocolate biscuit .  a cup of tea waits on the ground .
estimates of sauroposeidon s size are based on a comparison between the four sauroposeidon vertebrae and the vertebrae of the hm sii specimen of giraffatitan in the humboldt museum in berlin  .
high school rethinks decision to suspend player for national anthem protest .
d . c .  teachers will not be assessed on how many students they pass this year .
armed with guns and constitutions ,  the patriot movement sees america under threat .
after world war ii  ,  anti-british feeling spread through the arab world and led to riots in bahrain  .
they eat grasses  ,  seeds  ,  leaves  ,  flowers  ,  fruit  ,  eggs  ,  and some insects  .
how federalism can help save the failing marriage between the red and blue states .
it is sometimes used to refer to all the descendants produced from a common ancestor that share a uniform morphological or physiological character  .
victim of fire in northeast washington identified as 66-year-old d . c .  man .
scientists have found more about who built stonehenge 5 , 000 years ago .
virginia senate republicans end power struggle with compromise .
demi moore says guest who drowned in pool caused his own death  .
trs chief k chandrasekhar rao meets rahul gandhi .
man charged with stealing lawn equipment from church .
this treaty said john william of saxe-weimar would also take the districts of altenburg  ,  gotha and meiningen  .
her father is a retired fbi agent  .
d . c .  man charged with first-degree murder in connection with oct .  28 death .
the capital of saxe-meiningen was meiningen ; it had an area of 2 , 468 km ² and a population of 269 , 000 ( 1905 )  .
com are made only after they are ordered ,  which reduces the chances that they could be plagiarized .
austrian court approves extradition of ukrainian oligarch tied to trump campaign adviser .
lloyds banking group appoints new chairman .
fallaci was born in florence  ,  italy  .
he continued conducting  ,  and appeared at covent garden and in bbc broadcasts  ,  and traveled to europe and america conducting ballets  .
building the bahrain circuit ( track ) was important for bahrain  ,  and was started by the crown prince  ,  shaikh salman bin hamad al khalifa  .
nine more women say judge subjected them to inappropriate behavior ,  including four who say he touched or kissed them .
even though it seemed that yorktown would require several months of repairs at puget sound naval shipyard  ,  her elevators were intact  ,  and her flight deck was mostly intact  .
the reaction mechanism is first-order with respect to methyl iodide and the catalyst ( 1 )  .
how we know all terrorists are not muslim .
the injection may be repeated every 5 to 15 minutes if the person is not responding well to the treatment  .
lebanon’s embattled premier says he will return to lebanon ,  but confirms resignation .
he played frequently in the 1970s at blues and folk music festivals in the u . s .  and europe  ,  often with willie dixon s chicago blues all-stars  .
campbell to launch more than 200 new products in fiscal 2014 .
city cancels contract with ambulance service .
investment banks expected to post biggest fourth-quarter trading haul .
on august 24  ,  1994  ,  austin lost the championship to ricky steamboat  .
the are four levels of ordinary courts : specialized courts deal with administrative  ,  labor  ,  social  ,  fiscal  ,  and patent law  .
bachelor nick viall’s $100 , 000 engagement ring for vanessa grimaldi revealed .
in 2010  ,  he was named the 34th most trusted malaysian by reader s digest  .
unidentified man found slain in roadway in riverdale .
the young giraffe is now fine .  he plays with his new friends .
trufant man charged with drug possession .
in germany  ,  walpurgisnacht  ,  the night from april 30 to may 1  ,  is the night when allegedly the witches hold a large celebration on the blocksberg and await the arrival of spring  .
reinhard selten ,  economist who won a nobel for work on game theory ,  dies at 85 .
bloomberg’s gun-control group bankrolls $1 . 5 million ad buy in second va .  race .
a big fire breaks out in canada .  it starts around midnight .
any piece in front of a pawn  ,  white or black  ,  stops its moving  .
all-clear given after potential bomb threat at westfield annapolis mall .
carter was the only son of thomas gilbert carter who was a commander in the royal navy  .
the bag gets around the man’s neck .
the hindu legend of jhulelal or the river deity has its historical or semi-historical beginnings in sind  ,  an erstwhile province of united india and now a state of pakistan  .
there is also the new touch bar .  it is a long touch display .
george c .  nichopoulos ,  doctor who prescribed drugs to elvis ,  dies at 88 .
the country has 19 nuclear power stations .
postal service is unlikely to rebuild post office in kauai town of hanamaulu after fire .
but after discussion in december 2006  ,  a decision was made to keep the chechen wikipedia  .
they leave in life boats .
thousands of people watch the teams
he described it as ` full of little cubes   ,  after which the term quickly gained wide use  .
it puts this material in layers .
holly later wins over rachel by `` duetting  with her on `` nowadays\/hot honey rag  from the musical chicago  .
when messing was three  ,  she moved with her parents and her older brother  ,  brett  ,  to east greenwich  ,  a small town outside providence  ,  rhode island  .
the word can also be used about eggs  ,  and about pheromone production  .
it can fly up to 45 miles per hour (72 kph)
he takes a sweeping brush and makes the fox leave .  it runs to the garden .
jack trout ,  marketing expert who sought an edge through ‘positioning , ’ dies at 82 .
generation of youth`` lim soo hyang cries at jo dong hyuks death .
cravens heritage trains have preserved a three-car unit of 1960 stock  .
they find the girl’s uncle .
linear was found mainly in the palace archives at knossos  ,  cydonia  ,  pylos  ,  thebes and mycenae  .
in july of that same same year theroux was hired to write the script  ,  and favreau was signed to return and direct  .
ferdie pacheco ,  ali’s ‘fight doctor’ and outspoken boxing commentator ,  dies at 89 .
the a320 was the first airliner to have fly-by-wire flight control systems  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
allen toussaint ,  a giant of new orleans music ,  dies at 77 .
the bridge was originally called the great zambesi or zambezi bridge  ,  later becoming known as the victoria falls bridge  .
the coaster has a maximum speed of 66 miles per hour ( 106 km\/h ) over 3 , 982 feet ( 1 , 214 m ) of track  .
hillary clinton: donald trump might ‘start a fire’ he can’t control .
when evidence is intentionally excluded to bias the result  ,  it is sometimes termed the `` fallacy of exclusion   .
greg reiter ,  wells fargo ,  freddie mac executive ,  dies at 52 .
why students and their teacher won’t be disciplined for using cat intestines as a jump rope .
americans generally disapprove of players’ anthem protests but opinion divided along racial lines ,  poll finds .
earl hooker was born earl zebedee hooker in clarksdale  ,  mississippi  .
the game has been re-released in europe for club nintendo members only  .
watch marco rubio’s emotional tribute to the miami marlins’s jose fernandez .
the fox was very interested .  on another planet ?  yes .
the 1972 atlantic hurricane season began on june 1  ,  1972 and ended on november 30  ,  1972  .
the stomach content of 14 specimens of afrocaecilia taitana consisted of mostly organic material and plant remains  .
since 1970  ,  it has been part of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa )  ,  of the united states department of commerce  .
during his 14 years as national coach he reached 87 victories  ,  30 draws and 22 defeats in 139 matches  .
gracious in defeat ,  hillary clinton earns widespread media praise .
on september 30  ,  2007  ,  during the week 4 game against the pittsburgh steelers  ,  he went in for leinart because he was not playing well again  .
ford served three terms as city councillor from 2000 until october 2010  .
the advance of tito s partisan forces  ,  joined by the soviet red army  ,  caused mass retreat of the ustaše towards austria  .
the division was named for aboriginal rights activist vincent lingiari am ( 1908-1988 )  ,  who was a member of the gurindji nation  .
one hundred shops lose money because of the sinkhole .  japan gives them money for the trouble
this news is from the usa .  police kill two black men .
federal employee health program to boost autism benefits .
ex-aide to michelle obama mulls run for md .  governor .
he also started using the ring name sasuke for a short time but turned back into a face when jinsei shinzaki `` brought him back from the dark side  by `` exorcising the evil out of him   .
loudoun county school board votes down controversial rezoning plan .
the ban is because india stopped pakistani actors from working in bollywood .
the mimosa s leaves close quickly when touched  .
he lived at the berlin zoo .
below the staging lights are three large amber lights  ,  a green light  ,  and a red light  .
it is one of the five permanent members of the united nations security council  .
carlos alberto torres ,  captain of brazil’s 1970 world cup-winning team ,  dies at 72 .
in the episode `` regarding margie   ,  homer states that marge is his age  ,  meaning she could be anywhere between 36 and 40 years in age  .
there are currently no subspecies recognized  .
mike trout leaves game with tightness in his right hamstring .
rolf harris dropped from tv show .
the genome is a circular chromosome of 159 , 662 base pairs and has a high coding density ( 97 % ) with many overlapping genes and reduced gene length  .
after arrest ,  abby wambach admitted to using cocaine ,  marijuana in past .
in the uk ,  people write their laws on vellum .
this makes some french people nuts .
borough market and the hall of the worshipful company of glaziers and painters of glass by the river are close by  .
whisenhunt changed teams very often in his early years in the league  ,  moving to the staff of the cleveland browns in 1999 and to the new york jets the following season  .
he boards it .  people see that the baby is alone .
syrian and russian airstrikes continue major offensive to take back aleppo .
mermen were thought of as more wild and ugly than mermaids  ,  but they also were not interested in humans  .
shortly after  ,  the wcw united states championship was reactivated as the wwe united states championship by the smackdown  !
it softens water and removes oil and grease at the same time  .
homan also reached her second grand slam doubles final  .
today  ,  4-h and related programs exist in over eighty countries around the world  .
in 1816 alexander i had permitted the polish authorities to create a university  ,  composed from five faculties : law and administration  ,  medicine  ,  philosophy  ,  theology  ,  and arts and humanities  .
da to pursue reforms in rice procurement .
beechworth was a long way from the center of colonial government in melbourne  ,  both in distance and time taken to get there  .
they can detect predators from a far distance and alert other prairie dogs to the danger with a special  ,  high-pitched call  .
in connection with personal best  ,  she appeared in a pictorial in the april 1982 issue of playboy and was also on the cover  .
this makes bermuda the least populated nation ( 53 , 500 in 1976 ) in olympic history to win a medal at the summer olympics  .
on november 27  ,  1978  ,  milk and mayor george moscone were assassinated ( murdered ) by dan white in san francisco  .
mortgage applications edge up 1% .
israeli leaders condemn u . n .  resolution on jerusalem holy site .
critics say that the ban could make some islamic terrorists angry
on 31 may 2008 he suffered a heart attack while at a music awards ceremony  ,  and was admitted to auckland hospital  .
the big gorilla tries to climb up the moat wall .
at least two men shot in vehicle in southeast washington ,  police say .
cassius s reputation in the east made it easy to amass an army from other governors in the area  .
mesut özil performed many assists  ,  and in the 2011-12 season he was nominated for the fifa ballon dor award  .
other regions of the world have cold deserts too  ,  for instance high altitude areas like the himalayas  .
fashion week is horrible: .
john stuart mill  ,  in his work  ,  on liberty  ,  was the first to recognize the difference between liberty as the freedom to act and liberty as the absence of coercion ( being forced to do something )  .
us president obama reacts to this .  he tells 35 russian diplomats to leave the usa .
the natural home of this animal is also becoming smaller
china may build four more carriers ,  like the u .
the ashram offered therapies derived from the human potential movement to its western audience and made news in india and abroad  ,  chiefly because of its permissive climate and osho s provocative lectures  .
the american company tesla makes only electric cars .
the tax march: protesters around the country call on trump to release his taxes .
how occupational licensing laws inhibit interstate mobility .
they have water cannons
it wants the elephants to retire now .
after 6 days ,  she gets new lungs .  she gets better every day
nord-vest ( english : north west ) is a development region in romania  .
donald brown signs with the chargers .
he had a rematch against duggan for the united states championship at both halloween havoc 1994 and clash of the champions xxix but did nt win either matches  .
kanye west cancels l . a .  concert one night after going on epic rant in sacramento .
in 1824  ,  english inventor joseph aspdin invented portland cement  ,  which has remained the main cement used in concrete production  .
mariners to induct lou piniella .
asian markets mostly down as funds shift to us .
the team is currently training for this year’s european championship for disabled swimmers
he hides in the wheel of a plane .
seal mothers leave their babies .  the babies are only two to three weeks old .
6 million poorer people .
there are five plans .
the 1992 eruption saw the town of zafferana threatened by a lava flow  ,  but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres outside it  .
the situation looks bad .  more heavy rain is coming
she flies 21 , 000 kilometres .  she flies through 23 countries .
it is in the asteroid belt .  scientists say that ceres has ice .
armed robber holds up fishtown restaurant .
paul ryan endorses donald trump .
the children are very happy .  the window cleaners are happy ,  too .  they like to make the children feel better
charles wade barkley ( born february 20  ,  1963 ) is an american retired professional basketball player and politician  .
shell sizes range from 5 mm ( 1\/5  ) for some tropical species to 15 cm ( 6  ) for the tiger cowry  ,  cypraea tigris  .
new construction in crow wing county increases 17 percent in 2013 .
is shampoo necessary ?  fewer people are using it .  they are changing their habits .
prince george’s school board member wants deeper probe of alleged grade tampering .
he was awarded the title of duke of reichstadt in 1818  .
people around the world are posting selfies with a hand over their mouths .  here’s why .  .
shooting is when a rifle  ,  shotgun or other weapons which fire a projectile  ,  such as bows or crossbows  ,  are fired  .
its position gave it considerable military importance  ,  and the layout of the town was that of a roman military camp  .
she tries to flee while shooting at the sheik  .
small electricity generators are often powered by reciprocating engines burning diesel  ,  biogas or natural gas  .
mlb ,  players’ union reach deal on new labor agreement .
he learned the blues during his time on prison farms in mississippi as an early-teenager  .
people kill them and sell them .
liz carpenter  ,  her fellow from the university of texas  ,  served as lady bird s press secretary from 1963 until 1969  .
the barrels are filled with water  ,  and the water can be pumped from barrel to barrel to test different weight distributions while the aircraft is in flight  .
surgeons will remove the organs  ,  one after the other  ,  and give them to their patients  .
thousands of people come to somalia’s capital .
the airport was designated as chicago municipal airport on december 12  ,  1927  .
japans carmaker honda said its staff must use english by 2020 .
on february 21  ,  2012 their second album reign of terror was released  .
justice sotomayor’s misguided advocacy of forced labor for lawyers [updated with a response to steve lubet] .
man fatally shot in southwest washington’s bellevue neighborhood .
ulleungdo is a south korean island  ,  the main part of ulleung county  ,  north gyeongsang province  ,  south korea  ,  in east sea  .
shenyang or mukden is the capital and largest city of liaoning province in northeast china  .
she successfully danced her way through havana night clubs and cabarets  ,  and arrived in mexico in 1945  .
22 metres .
hypertension or high blood pressure  ,  is a chronic medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is higher than it should be  .
alexandria teen charged after wounding cabdriver .
she made my planet more beautiful .
internet cafes are dying out .
three americans win nobel prize in physics for gravitational wave discovery .
mauricio macri elected president of argentina .
about half of adults make resolutions but fewer than 10 per cent keep them .
the fire starts in a place where children can play .
the usa said north korea was begging for war .
the country’s president asks people for support .
the man drives into the ocean .
bulgaria parliament to hold extraordinary sitting .
these movement patterns are distinct  ,  and separate the groups  .
they protest against domestic violence .  they want more help for victims of domestic violence
the new world trade center complex will have the following buildings : soon after the september 11 attacks  ,  mayor rudy giuliani  ,  governor george pataki  ,  and president george w .  bush said that they would rebuild the world trade center  .
watson carried out controversial science experiments known as the `` little albert experiments  ; in these experiments  ,  watson studied fear in infants  .
this way ,  students can hire based on both prices as well as writing reviews and rating .
he also finished tied for first with vladimir kramnik at dortmund 2006  .
how the senate judiciary committee grilled jeff sessions .
at medal of freedom ceremony ,  president obama crushes on actress cicely tyson .
testing of prototypes commenced in december 1993  ,  and the roll-out of the system was carried out from august 1996 to april 1998  ,  and acceptance occurred in november 1997  .
it is bad for the children .
law professors file misconduct complaint against kellyanne conway .
north uist is the tenth largest scottish island  ,  and the thirteenth largest island surrounding great britain  .
a legal loophole might be exposing children to lead in the nation’s schools .
on december 8  ,  1945  ,  three u . s .  marines were killed  .
they are poorly built .  one high-rise falls down every year .
aghdam is angry at youtube .
the ` old  highway  ,  now known as the meander valley highway  ,  is promoted as a tourist route  .
this section of the highway is more of a commuter highway than a tourist highway  ,  and as such the local economy does not rely on passing tourists  .
it attacks syria by air .
british indie distributor dogwoof links with google play .
flash floods hit chai chee after heavy downpour .
this constitution lasted until the end of the prussian kingdom in 1918  .
his widow jane was said to have told visitors  ,  `` they say he could not paint flesh  .
during world war i  ,  vilnius - as with the rest of lithuania - was occupied by the german empire from 1915 until 1918  .
in birth certificate decision ,  supreme court reaffirms the story of our family .
before ,  the river is not scary to the woman .  now she is older .
hoffman s funeral was held at st .  ignatius loyola church  ,  manhattan  ,  on february 7  ,  2014  .
the bears in captivity often live in terrible conditions .
the persistence of memory ( spanish : la persistencia de la memoria ; catalan : la persistència de la memòria ) is a painting by artist salvador dalí  .
super bowl sets another ratings record .
the three principal guest conductors of the orchestra have been carlo maria giulini  ,  claudio abbado  ,  and pierre boulez  .
a plane is flying from brazil to colombia .
it was divided into twenty districts called nomes  .
they were right
the caspian sea has many edible species of fish  ,  including the sturgeon  ,  caspian salmon  ,  kutum  ,  sardines  ,  gray mullet  ,  and others  .
she was rude to the babys mother .
akshay kumar attends screening of boss .
she writes `` i love you  in the sand  .
they can catch on fire or even explode .
the next step is beatification  ,  at which point the person is referred to as the blessed  ,  and finally canonization  ,  at which point the person is referred to as saint  .
remagen has many historic buildings  ,  churches  ,  castles and monuments  .
los angeles lakers reportedly plan to keep steve nash next season .
he was a special agent with the u . s .  diplomatic security service  .
the book s text has often been abridged or adapted for younger readers  ,  and there have also been several comic book adaptations  .
it was used by the nazi organisation todt forced labor program  ,  to build bunkers  ,  gun emplacements  ,  air-raid shelters  ,  and concrete fortifications  .
some implementations incorrectly produce an opening single quotation mark in places where an apostrophe is required  ,  for example  ,  in abbreviated years like 08 for 2008  .
in his suicide note  ,  singh expressed his last wish to be buried as a muslim in noorpur village near barki  .
in mathematics  ,  a riemann sum is a sum that makes an approximation of the total area underneath a curve on a graph  .
he appeared in copying beethoven  ,  playing ludwig van beethoven s nephew  .
we want to build a…system that has intelligence .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
one item  ,  however  ,  did not escape the jar ( 96-9 )  ,  hope : he does not tell the reader why hope remained in the jar  .
the un told north korea to stop .
shell files plan .
it is also banned by several governments around the world  ,  including that of the russian federation  .
sindarius thornwell has the game to match his singular name .
the mechanical advantage of a wedge is the length of the sloping side of the wedge and divide it by the length of the thick end of the wedge  .
cape york is the northern most point on the australian continent  .
they include many present and past world leaders .  the company is called mossack fonseca .
kazimierz piechowski ,  early auschwitz prisoner who led a risky escape by car ,  dies at 98 .
siemens ,  chinese car maker form jv to make engines for electric vehicles .
then they try to use a hose to pull the whale .
the ground is a state of the art stadium  .
obama to veto popular 9/11 victims’ bill ,  white house says .
at the time of the upgrade  ,  falcon was about 1000 km ( 620 miles )  ,  east northeast of cebu city  .
at the battle of konya ( 21 december 1832 )  ,  ibrahim pasha soundly defeated the ottoman army led by the grand vizier reshid pasha  .
the winner of the miss dwarf contest talks about dwarfs .  she says that you must not be ashamed of who you are .  you must be yourself
his age at death has been estimated from 7 years six months to as old as 15 years  .
meiosis does not occur in archaea or bacteria  ,  which reproduce via asexual processes such as binary fission  .
in fact  ,  the double helix structure of dna was worked out from crystallographic data  .
the drones are solar-powered .  they fly 18–21 kilometres above the ground .
d . c .  woman found guilty after beating 3-year-old son to death .
she also won the 2003 wimbledon championships girls  doubles title  ,  teaming up with alisa kleybanova of russia  .
6 square meters per person .
the squad captures the alligator ,  moves it and releases it back into the wild
`` a huge ever growing pulsating brain that rules from the centre of the ultraworld  is a mix of a song by the ambient house group the orb  .
they stay at the doll house for 3 to 4 weeks at a time .  the show is a success .
at the 1934 federal elections federal labor won only one seat ( newcastle )  .
william keeler ,  cardinal who led baltimore’s archdiocese for 18 years ,  dies at 86 .
last ,  he says that there are live views on the internet .
they break the washing machine and take him out .
donald trump jr .  demands leak investigation .
she has a sister whose name is ashlee simpson who is also a singer  .
the three-point line ( a line from which a ball thrown into the basket is worth three points ) is 20 feet and 6 . 25 inches ( 6 . 25 m ) from the middle of the basket in wnba competition  .
his plays probably influenced his later novels and tales  .
it was at the end of 2007 the 8th biggest cargo airport in europe and the 38th biggest in the world  .
some gunpowder gets on fire in the factory .
pr .  george’s council member facing drunken driving charges requests jury trial .
despite the professor s vocal anti-communism  ,  his frequent medical treatment of the party leaders makes him untouchable  .
it is from a boeing 777this part may be from the lost malaysia airlines flight mh370 .
also ,  devices with internet access are banned from exam halls .
if this pushing is too strong ,  it can lead to heart attacks .
ex-boyfriend arrested in slaying of forestville ,  md .  ,  woman .
lehár died in 1948 in bad ischl  ,  near salzburg where he was also buried  .
apc should be convened to review situation in the wake of drone attack: .
israeli club ups offer for d . c .  united’s steve birnbaum ,  but … .
as part of the 2007 leipzig games convention  ,  activision announced that treyarch would be one of three developers making their first james bond game  ,  quantum of solace  .
karl michael ziehrer ( also spelled as carl michael ziehrer ) ( may 2  ,  1843 - november 14  ,  1922 ) was an austrian composer of light music such as waltzes and polkas  .
she is quite emotional .
the police said acid attacks cause life-changing injuries .
it is not only because of the migrants .
she explained the toy s appeal by saying  ,  `` it s the simplicity of it  .
on february 18  ,  1918  ,  he became the first goaltender in nhl history to record a shutout by defeating the torontos 9-0  .
abe vigoda ,  sunken-eyed ‘godfather , ’ ‘barney miller’ actor ,  dies at 94 .
the friend says ,  so ,  what’s the problem ? fred answers ,  my father didn’t like her .
the circuit gilles villeneuve is a motor racing circuit  .
on 29 july  ,  2008  ,  the ten currently competing teams created the formula one teams association ( fota ) to negotiate the terms of contract  .
the richer you are ,  the less kind you are .
argentina: no es delito tomar sol con los senos descubiertos .
wordpresshostingreview . net introduces the top 5 web hosts for personal and small business blogs .
white oleander is a 1999 novel by janet finch  .
laser diodes emit less collimated light due to their short cavity  ,  and therefore higher collimation requires a collimating lens  .
bill barrett ,  five-term nebraska congressman ,  dies at 87 .
us halts shipments from afghanistan via pakistan ensure safety of drivers following protests .
over the years  ,  he taught in a variety of positions  ,  schools and artistic media  ,  spreading and exchanging ideas  .
jonas lars björkman ( born march 23  ,  1972  ,  alvesta  ,  sweden ) is a swedish professional male tennis player and former world no .  4 in singles and world no .  1 in doubles  .
firemen say that the fire was big .
only rich people could buy them .
in 1989  ,  thomas cech and sidney altman won the nobel prize in chemistry for their `` discovery of catalytic properties of rna   .
the killing is racially motivated .
she is the hospital’s second biggest baby .
paul ryan’s dilemma lies in donald trump’s hands .
after being arrested  ,  general manuel oribe ordered that feliciano be executed  .
in 2001  ,  the festival was merged with heilongjiang international ski festival and got its current formal name  .
étang saumâtre ( in english  ,  brackish pond ) is the largest lake of haiti and the second largest lake of the hispaniola  ,  after lake enriquillo  .
manson established a base for the group at spahn s movie ranch  ,  not far from topanga canyon  ,  in august 1968 after wilson s manager told the family to move out of wilson s home  .
it wants the chimps to go to a sanctuary .  the group will go to a judge .
many protestants consider prayers to the saints to be idolatry because they believe prayers should be given only to god himself  .
maryville ,  tenn .  ,  police officer shot and killed responding to domestic disturbance call .
fox news’s tucker carlson coddles trump with false equivalency .
howard county sheriff refuses to resign amid protests over alleged racist remarks .
she died at he palace of belém in 1754  .
sony reportedly buying back crash bandicoot from activision .
they have no food at the stadium .
they find rick  ,  hershel  ,  and glenn at the bar and begin shooting at them  .
steven randall `` randy  jackson ( born october 29  ,  1961 ) is an american musician  .
rise against recorded their latest album appeal to reason with the help of guitarist zach blair  ,  who is now a member and has known the band for many years  .
in 1984 he participated to te la do io lamerica ( four episodes ) and te lo do io il brasile ( 6 episodes )  .
facebook must grow in places where it isnt so popular .
a newspaper said many villages still had no electricity .
former ``charmed star rose mcgowan is engaged .
the rhône drains the main valley from east to west up to martigny  ,  switzerland  ,  then in a right angle north to its mouth in the lake geneva  .
the city is in gwinnett county and is part of the atlanta metropolitan area  .
the fountain of apollo ( french : bassin dapollo ) is a fountain at the palace of versailles  .
twenty people fight with the police .
bart starr makes ‘quite possibly’ his last trip to green bay .
iran’s presidential candidates vow to uphold nuclear deal in televised debate .
a stewardess told her that her ticket is in tourist class ,  but the woman didn’t want to change her place .
u . s .  will not seek death penalty for accused ringleader in benghazi attacks .
this theory is based on the idea that it becomes difficult for predators to pick out individuals from groups  ,  because the moving targets create a sensory overload of the predator s visual channel  .
a castle ( from the latin word castellum ) is a fortified structure made in europe and the middle east during the middle ages  .
the counts of berg became more and more powerful and düsseldorf became the capital of the duchy of berg-mark-kleve-jülich in 1380  .
he suffers from diminished gluteal syndrome ( dgs ) which is a fictional genetic disorder  .
for you ,  it will be different .
the telegraph station was built near a waterhole in the normally dry todd river  .
when he grew tired  ,  his wings dipped very low and brushed the soft mud  ,  forming mountains and valleys in the flat ground  .
kwesi appiah stole the show in a home game .
the coastguard saves four chinese .  another chinese ship saves the others
he named his solo album after her - maxinquaye - and once said that though he hardly knew her  ,  he feels like she s speaking through him with his words  .
one of them  ,  the lesbian countess geschwitz  ,  visits her to invite her to a ball  ,  but leaves when dr .  schön disapproves  .
packers at redskins game day: green bay ends washington’s season ,  35-18 .
theodore schwann ( 7 december 1810 - 11 january 1882 ) was a german scientist who isolated and named the enzyme pepsin  .
now he makes up to $4 , 000 a month .
eventually  ,  he became head of the federation of canadian municipalities  .
he later moved to the city of málaga  .
he gave first performances of pieces by composers such as darius milhaud  ,  paul hindemith and arnold schoenberg  .
justice department will not charge baton rouge officers in fatal shooting of alton sterling .
a camera films everything .
four montgomery county teenagers charged in another gang-style slaying .
acres was born in atlanta  ,  where she discovered her love for acting in children s theater  .
laguardia airport ( iata : lga  ,  icao : klga  ,  faa lid : lga ) ( \/ ləˈɡwɑrdiə \/ ) is an airport in the northern part of the new york city borough of queens  .
how to repair a granite counter .
rep .  tom prices financial dealings repeatedly questioned in senate hearing .
many tourists visit the island .  they feed the cats .
it became the second single to be released from the album standing on the shoulder of giants  .
aged 19 he joined the unity theatre in kings cross  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
teresa heinz kerry makes first public appearance since july .
in one state in australia ,  there are too many koalas .
on 12 september 2006  ,  nickelodeon also released the `` complete book one collection box set   ,  which had all of the episodes in the season as well as a special features disc  .
the prominent people who still support dennis hastert .
one of the world’s largest advertisers threatens to pull its ads from facebook and google over toxic content .
once at pizza planet  ,  buzz makes his way into a claw game machine shaped like a spaceship  ,  thinking that it is the ship that woody had promised him  .
his father is a computer engineer .
some people worry .
stanley baldwin retired in 1937  ,  and chamberlain became the new prime minister on the 28th may  .
she comes to a taxi driver .  she tells him to move his car ,  but he does not .
it has three equal large horizontal strips : white on top  ,  blue in the middle  ,  and red on the bottom  .
telsa motors expanding in california .
the man thinks that it is a meteorite .
bday is the second studio album by american r&b singer beyoncé  ,  released by columbia records on 1 september 2006 outside north america  ,  on september 4  ,  2006 worldwide  ,  and on september 5  ,  2006 in canada and the united states  .
being in the remote south pacific  ,  new zealanders had to take long sea voyages to attend the early olympics  .
gary `` suitcase  smith  ,  a former professional ice hockey goaltender  ,  was born in ottawa  ,  ontario  ,  on february 4  ,  1944  .
it says ,  i wrote ‘harry potter’ while sitting on the chair .
silicon valley includes the northern part of santa clara valley and adjacent communities in the southern parts of the san francisco peninsula and east bay  .
britain says that its county is not leaving the deal .
global investors feeling confident .
dyncorp workers accused of bilking state department out of millions in iraq .
in the uk  ,  the episode was watched by 2 . 55 million viewers-2  . 11 million on e4  ,  and 439 , 000 on e4 +1  .
they said the sun sounds like a deep heartbeat .
singaporean companies in thailand have not encountered major disruptions in operations: .
he tells her her that their `` reunion  was a mistake and he ends their relationship  .
he has a meeting with his cabinet .
jaci velasquez kicks off her 2013 christmas tour .
snow leopards prefer broken terrain  ,  and can travel without difficulty in snow up to 85 cm ( 33 in ) deep  ,  although they prefer to use existing trails made by other animals  .
d . c .  united strikes deal for boca juniors midfielder luciano acosta .
he was educated at eton college and the royal military academy sandhurst  ,  where he passed in 1879 but did not join the army  .
the movie got great reviews .
in a letter to campus republican leaders  ,  abramoff said : in 1985  ,  abramoff joined citizens for america  .
health care ,  funding an infrastructure bill divide virginia members of congress .
bergonzi was born in vidalenzo  ,  near parma  ,  italy  .
when exposed to antibiotics  ,  most bacteria die quickly  ,  but some have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible  .
these people film the hunt .
this year ,  the games take place in dubai .
the cat’s job is to be with the dogs .  people want the dogs to be ok with cats
assessor to send notices of valuation .
mistystar s omen mistystar discovers a shocking secret about riverclan after she becomes leader  .
in 1769  ,  the rasos cemetery  ,  one of the oldest surviving cemeteries in the city  ,  was founded  .
in 1981  ,  the name was changed to wpxi-tv ( pittsburgh 11  ,  with xi being the roman numeral sign for 11 )  .
hildebrand developed methods for interpreting seismic data  ,  and then realized that the technology could be used to detect  ,  analyze  ,  and modify pitch  .
although he had received a wound to his forehead taylor ran towards the fire and extinguished it with his bare hands  .
faust s arrangement is that if during the time while mephistopheles is serving faust  ,  faust is so pleased with anything the devil gives him that he wants to stay in that moment forever  ,  he will die that very moment ( in german he says : `` verweile doch  ,  du bist so schön  - `` stay a while  ,  you are so beautiful   .
ex-fairfax police officer who killed john geer sentenced to one year .
shahrukh khan sees next srk in son abram .
there are not many of them because of new roads and houses and because people cut down trees .  now ,  these baby turtles have a better chance to survive
guy gardner guy gardner was the second choice of abin sur and the backup to hal jordan  .
one of these will win the best prize .
trump ‘will get rid of all of you’: man allegedly attacks muslim airline employee .
rashan gary ,  nation’s top recruit ,  picks michigan on national signing day .
the united nations thinks that 5 million people need help .
the latest thing is self-repairing clothing .
san bernardino shooting investigation expanding to larger network of people .
north korea to face harshest u . s .  sanctions yet ,  pence vows .
what we’re reading: mr .  lemoncello’s library olympics .
trump would be least-popular major-party nominee in modern times .
three soldiers and one passenger die .  eleven people are injured .
called world waterpark  ,  it is over 217 , 800 sq ft ( 20 , 230 m2 ) in size  .
the chocolate has the same chemical that makes flamingos pink .
the crumbs are about 14 , 000 years old .
us dollar and spx 500 follow through on bullish technical signals .
bombshell confession !  tonya harding says she knew about plot to attack nancy kerrigan .
stonewall jackson statue defaced at civil war battlefield in virginia .
the borders of modern france are about the same as those of ancient gaul  .
at least nine killed when tour bus collided with truck in california .
together with the later known painter hermann glöckner he attended around 1910 the evening classes of the kunstgewerbeschule dresden  .
there are dogs in the café .  you can have a cup of coffee .
under harry s .  truman  ,  the interior rooms were completely taken apart and a new internal load-bearing steel frame was built inside the walls  .
they are self-driving cars .
at the time of his death at the age of 76  ,  dusty was working on his 106th album for emi records  .
during the jurassic and the cretaceous  ,  marine forms evolved forelimbs that were paddle-like and had a tail similar to modern fish  .
he had tiny roles in minority report and vanilla sky  ,  and supporting roles in mission : impossible ii  ,  born on the fourth of july and magnolia  .
the satanic leaf tailed gecko ( uroplatus phantasticus )  ,  is a species of gecko  .
νεολεξία ( greek : a `` new word   ,  or the act of creating a new word ) is a synonym for it  .
britain condemns violence in egypt .
every coming day brings in new changes: .
scott driscoll fined $90 , 000 for contempt .
some of steinitz s games showed that it could also set up attacks as ferocious as those of the old school  .
``this weeks building springs should see some fantastic action in all the major rivers  .
he became secretary of the düsseldorf district of the christian trade union in 1924  .
md .  democrats announce transportation agenda .
helene was a long cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean  .
rouhani calls for constructive interaction with us .
attorneys for former house speaker dennis hastert seek probation for their client .
twenty-nine of these have occurred since the chernobyl disaster  ,  and 71 percent of all nuclear accidents ( 45 out of 63 ) occurred in the united states  .
va .  woman who awoke in unfamiliar car is accused of stealing it ,  police say .
it was awarded a royal charter in 1837  ,  becoming the royal institute of british architects in london  ,  eventually dropping the reference to london in 1892  .
vint lawrence ,  cia officer who became a sharp-eyed caricaturist ,  dies at 76 .
they are generally powered by electric motors that either drive traction cables and counterweight systems  ,  or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston  .
dallas police refer johnny manziel domestic-violence case to grand jury .
harvey weinstein is a famous film producer .
: the remixes is third album by jennifer lopez  .
they make him sleep .
substances with large band gaps are generally insulators  ,  those with smaller band gaps are semiconductors  .
pin has had programs to fight against poverty and social exclusion in the czech republic since 1999  .
healthcare . gov portal logs hundreds of security incidents .
rick made landfall in oaxaca - the same place devastated by hurricane pauline one month earlier - and quickly weakened  ,  dissipating early november 11  .
the mine produced less in the nineteenth century as it had trouble competing with other mines  .
victoria cougars vs .  montreal maroons montreal maroons win best-of-five series 3 games to 1 for the stanley cup note : gp = games played ; g = goals ; a = assists ; pts = points
serial attached scsi ( sas ) is a technology designed to move data to and from computer storage devices such as hard drives and tape drives  .
cicadas are arranged into two families : tettigarctidae and cicadidae  .
it is four hours behind utc during summer daylight saving time  ,  when it is called eastern daylight time ( edt )  .
if one instrument accompanies another  ,  the person who plays the accompaniment is an accompanist  .
gerrard received a golden globe award and an academy award nomination for the score for the 2000 film gladiator on which she teamed up with hans zimmer  .
however  ,  chris began to be affected by strong wind shear and became disorganized  .
it is much easier to gather fruit with a baby on your hip or back than to hunt a fast-moving animal  .
english gothic is the name of the architectural style that was very popular in england from about 1180 until about 1520  .
he flies in a big building .
the winner of the power of veto has the ability to change the nominations  .
mariners manager wedge will not return next season .
her husband who mourned her greatly died six days later  ,  having caught the measles from his wife  .
the design for the church was by the architects fowell mansfield and maclurcan of sydney  .
it is about a baby elephant .  it falls into a pit .
to build up the show  ,  the wwf aired two wrestling specials on mtv  .
mr .  trump is picking a fight with urban america over sanctuary cities .
house prices climb 5% .
sources should directly support the information as it is presented in an article and should be appropriate to the claims made ; if an article topic has no reliable sources  ,  wikipedia should not have an article on it  .
people talk about him .
last year ,  he won ,  too .
at first  ,  the committee was filled with active members of the parliament and every year its reports were talked about in parliamentary sessions  .
for centuries  ,  it formed part of the ancient county divide between lancashire and cheshire  .
from 13 august 1961 until 9 november 1989 it was separated from west berlin by the berlin wall  .
black womens roundtable president: ‘we are ready for the fight’ .
so ,  this way ,  i learnt a second very important thing .
the minor protein of oat is avenin  .
troops loyal to the spanish crown were defeated by local revolutionaries under general josé de san martín  .
family of kendrick johnson fights to see video .
the products of a volcanic eruption are volcanic gases  ,  lava  ,  steam  ,  and tephra ( fragments )  .
he asks timmy to join him  ,  but he refuses and is locked in a cage as martin drags jenny away  .
a survey and numerous excavations showed the region was a source of hominin fossils from the last 4 . 2 million years  .
the largest ever crowd for a non-competitive game at the ground was 23 , 284 for bobby robson s testimonial match where ipswich  ,  including george best  ,  played against an england xi  .
the old recreation ground was in hanley and stood on what is now the car park for the potteries shopping centre  .
he won the tour de france in 1997  .
the second son got a letter ,  i don’t go out very often .
school employee arrested for sexual relationship with teenage student .
in august last year ,  a big earthquake hit the same region .  298 people die .
libyan militiamen briefly block entrance to central bank .
they are the oldest footprints in europe .  older footprints are only in africa .
the practice of reserving areas of land for the sole use of the aristocracy was common throughout europe during the mediaeval period  .
it takes the man 2 hours and 30 minutes to get up .
however ,  there are some problems .  people say that people treat the cats badly .
this happens a lot .  only some spiders do this at one time .  however ,  thousands of spiders ballooned from somewhere .
sweetgreen to move headquarters to l . a .  .
simeone not thinking of barca .
two witnesses said that they saw a police officer move something from the minicab to the place where the gun was found  .
a net extending in back of the goal is attached to the crossbar and lower goal posts  .
it was light enough to be lifted by westland wessex helicopters or towed by land rovers  .
policewoman caught a 6ft 4ins murderer by rugby tackling him to the ground .
new israeli spy satellite enters orbit .
she lives in the street .  she is abandoned .
he played dominic in `` think like a man  in 2012  .
he was drafted ( selected ) as the 15th overall pick ( 1st round ) of the 1994 nfl draft by the l . a .  rams  .
redskins wide receiver desean jackson dressed during thursday’s practice .
he knows that helicopters are very complex .
he said his team would make only rare types of blood at first .
1952 - 36 piaf married jacques pills in 1952 ( her matron of honor was marlene dietrich )  .
a keeper is leaving an enclosure .  there are two pandas inside it .
police are looking for the thief
the missouri government met there until jefferson city was ready in 1826  .
they landed at 04:52 without being detected  .
ranhofer wrote the epicurean  ,  ( 1894 )  ,  a cookbook of over 1 , 000 pages  ,  similar in scope to escoffier s le guide culinaire  .
tottenham join arsenal & liverpool in race to sign arda turan .
marilyn monroe was an american movie actress  .
knights of columbus to host oktoberfest .
aaron alexis lied about previous arrest; .
conjugation is a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer  ,  as are transformation and transduction  ,  though these two other mechanisms do not involve cell-to-cell contact  .
the english word natron is a french cognate that came from the spanish natrón through greek νιτρων nitron  ,  which came from the ancient egyptian word netjeri  ,  meaning natron  .
casual sex means some types of sexual activity outside of a romantic relationship  .
a company in england makes the airlander .  it says that it is very good .
boston s location on the north atlantic moderates its temperature  ,  but makes the city very likely to suffer from to noreaster weather systems that can produce much snow and rain  .
then  ,  she began a year of post-graduate study on children and medicine at the yale child study center  .
it rains a lot in western japan .
man fatally shot near fedex field and large church in landover area .
bradley beal says he’s still unsure if he’ll play against thunder .
in 1964  ,  she became the first african american woman to play in the ladies professional golf association  .
a faded memorial plate in the island s parish church mentions 45 soviet citizens who died on alderney in 1940-45 but does not say how they died and why  .
a study by belfast city council has estimated the cost of restoring nomadic at # 7 million  .
supreme court seems to favor miami suing banks whose lending practices led to neighborhood blight .
bostons lucic fined $5 , 000 for spearing .
calvin harris broke all the rules of taylor swift’s world .  or did he ?  .
france is hosting the euro 2016 .  france plays against to portugal .
winifred s influence with hitler was so strong that hitler even wrote a letter to the anti-fascist italian conductor arturo toscanini  ,  begging him to lead the festival  .
sony xperia z1 update release brings kitkat bug fix .
they have a hard coating  ,  and can survive in the soil for 5-10 years or more  .
washington monument closed sunday after elevator gets stuck again .
d . c .  residents who install security cameras will receive rebates .
in the battle of leyte gulf ( 23-26 october )  ,  enterprise planes attacked battleships and destroyers  .
jean peyrelevade  ,  born ( 24 october 1939 in marseille )  ,  is a french civil servant  ,  politician and business leader  .
more than 220 , 000 people die in this war .  millions of people are displaced .
watch brie larson hug assault survivors after lady gaga’s oscar performance .
police to take no action against portsmouth councillor mike hancock .
all lanes reopened along capital beltway near woodrow wilson bridge .
the grave is from the turkic people .
the distance between bali and lombok is only about 35 kilometers  .
ambergris caye and caye caulker are two of the country s main tourism areas  .
amy lynn hartzler ( née lee ; born december 13  ,  1981 ) best known as amy lee  ,  is an american singer and songwriter  .
a plane lands in turkey .  the landing is not safe .
german police arrest tunisian suspected of plotting islamic state terrorist attack .
because of this  ,  on october 27  ,  the storm gained tropical storm status and was named `` grace   .
he used this technique for his design for fallingwater ( 1935 )  ,  which has been called `` the best all-time work of american architecture   .
some of the preludes were written during chopin and george sand s stay at a monastery in valldemossa  ,  majorca in 1838  .
the herb má huáng ( 麻黄  ,  ephedra sinica ) is used in traditional chinese medicine  .
jam is an interesting condiment because its neither a solid or a liquid  .
compared to other felines  ,  domestic cats have narrowly spaced canine teeth : this is an adaptation to their preferred prey of small rodents  .
how steve kerr’s return to the warriors’ bench happened .
the owner puts the videos on the internet .
it is the national sport of argentina  .
one day  ,  when snowball announced his plans to build a windmill  ,  napoleon arrived in the farm with nine big and cruel dogs that made snowball run away bleeding  .
in japan ,  a theme park named space world makes an ice rink .  it puts 5 , 000 real dead fish inside the ice .
this family is also special .
george t .  owens ,  founding police chief of prince william county ,  va .  ,  dies at 85 .
scuderia toro rosso confirmed that they would keep sébastien buemi and jaime alguersuari for 2010  .
about 200 million years after this collision and the formation of pangea  ,  during the middle of the mesozoic era  ,  the atlantic ocean floor started spreading  .
they performed for the first time in 1992 at the mayfest arts festival in tulsa  .
the doctors send small parts of his hands to america for tests .
this other side is called the dark side of the moon .
some salamanders that are terrestrial have lungs that are used in respiration  ,  although these are simple and sac-like  ,  unlike the more complex organs found in mammals  .
he is the only player in whl history to score three short-handed goals in one period in the playoffs  .
it is in eastern ukraine .
dead rising 3: .
this year ,  a buffalo kills a man .
he won it for helping to increase food grown in africa .
give the nominee for librarian of congress a vote .
another popular hockey league is the kontinental hockey league ( khl )  ,  which has teams in russia  ,  kazakhstan  ,  latvia  ,  belarus  ,  slovakia  ,  czech republic and croatia  .
will arnett open to returning to arrested development .
west flanders has a very flat landscape with polders  ,  except for a row of dunes along the coast and an area with small hills known as the ` westvlaamse bergen   ,  with the kemmelberg ( 159 m ) being the highest point in the province  .
her famously quoted speech which caused the indignation of the goddess is as follows : artemis killed niobe s daughters and apollo killed niobe s sons as they practiced athletics  ,  with the last begging for his life  .
normal pulmonary arterial pressure in a person living at sea level has a mean value of 12-16 mm hg ( 1600-2100 pa )  .
patient drank dettol ,  another consumed shower gel .
site maintenance friday will temporarily disable commenting login process .
bullying is a worldwide problem .
mrs tajima was the 3rd oldest person in history
do not forget to turn on the fan .  if you forget ,  the pee flies around you
the railway follows the route of the purbeck branch line between norden railway station  ,  corfe castle railway station  ,  harman s cross railway station  ,  herston halt railway station and swanage  .
the quran tells that mary grew up in the temple of prayer and had a special place of her own in the temple  .
the quake damaged three of the washington national cathedral s four pinnacles ( corner spires ) and cracked some of the episcopal church s flying buttresses  .
mike richards’s court hearing adjourned to feb .  25 .
police arrest the captain of the boat .  in bangladesh ,  accidents like this happen often .
the who missed important research about avian flu because it was in chinese .
many solids react readily with reactive gases such as chlorine  ,  iodine  ,  oxygen or others  .
blue jays right-hander josh johnson undergoes arthroscopic surgery .
this is an international list of places that are have outstanding cultural or natural values of international significance  .
they put the pictures on the internet .  most people are shocked when they see this .
how one d . c . -area school district makes the decision to close for snow .
bryce harper will be back soon .  where should the nationals bat him ?  .
`` the man sees the woman  = `` vir feminam videt   ,  while `` the woman sees the man  = `` femina virum videt   .
he now wants to relax and see the world .
real housewives of atlanta star porsha williams charged with battery .
his father and mother were music teachers who played various instruments with his father primarily playing the trumpet  .
nationals to play exhibition game against red sox at naval academy .
over the last 20 years a tourists have come to visit because of the pleasant scenery and gold mining history  .
may 4th is star wars day .
william martin was once a partner with watson  ,  and wrote the first scientific study of fossils  .
mcconnell to house gop: you need to take the lead on spending bills .
among other holdings  ,  gri s research library owns about 900 , 000 volumes of books  ,  periodicals  ,  and auction catalogs ; special collections ; and two million photographs of art and architecture  .
after the match  ,  steve austin did a stone cold stunner on both fighters to the crowd s delight and celebrated with beer in the ring  .
it looks good
in astronomy  ,  a light curve is a graph that shows the brightness of light from a celestial object or region  ,  as a over a certain amount of time  .
burundi army: 87 people killed in friday violence .
kotli used to be a small town between mirpur and muzaffarabad  ,  but has recently grown in size  .
big ben needs repairs .
the captors make fun of the prisoners .
d . c .  man charged with two robberies of cabbies in the district .
rahul gandhi has become a challenge for his own party: .
a middle-aged children’s book writer who comes undone .
the universal forum of cultures project was born in the year of 1996 in the city of barcelona  ,  spain  .
in telecommunications  ,  dirty paper coding ( dpc ) is a good way to send digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the sender  .
these developments were completed in 2005 and the college has not undergone any significant renovations since  .
michael left the band at the end of the year  ,  and simon gallup ( bass ) and matthieu hartley ( keyboards ) joined  .
the 2005 apec conference was held on haeundae s dongbeak island  .
the mothers played with and read to their babies .
scottish football association extends partnership with adidas .
the 1st battalion commander-major dobson-attacked one tank by shooting the commander with his pistol  ,  and dropping a white phosphorus grenade into the tank  .
gorj county has an area of 5 , 602 km ²  .
murder indictments filed in killings of maryland teens on eve of graduation .
chinese lawyer detained over panama papers social media post mocking xi .
since then the animals of australasia ( australia and new guinea ) evolved slowly in almost complete isolation from the animals of other continents  ,  except for the occasional immigrant species from asia  .
tom coughlin steps down as giants coach after 12 seasons ,  two super bowl titles .
this increases our stamina without needing to exercise .
in april 2009  ,  he was elected as a member of the united states national academy of sciences  ,  based in washington  ,  d . c .   .
seven years later  ,  on 31 march 1986  ,  bangladesh played in its first odi match against pakistan in the 1986 asia cup  .
umg owns the largest music publishing business in the world  ,  universal music publishing group  ,  following the acquisition of bmg music publishing in may 2007  .
trump’s relationship with hill republicans is thawing ,  at least for now .
they have not yet been found in the fossil record  .
the nobel prize in physics for 2010 was awarded to sir andre geim and sir konstantin novoselov `` for groundbreaking experiments regarding the two-dimensional material graphene   .
for example  ,  this applies to the electric field at some fixed point due to an electrically charged surface  ,  or the gravity at some fixed point due to a sheet of material  .
they cross the border .  they spend the night close to the border .
these interactions are important for regulating many cellular activities  .
for many years louis believed erectus was the user of the tools and australopithecus was not  .
why the republican establishment is actually winning .
japanese culture ,  animation and technology inspire the artist and his team .
his proclamations convinced even the parish priest who called the rebel group ` the true apostles sent by the lord   .
scientists have found a new way to get water .
the state’s authorities close all schools in the area before this accident .
it is the home province of carlos p .  garcia  ,  the eighth president of the republic of the philippines ( 1957-1961 ) who was born in talibon  .
rep .  ron barber visits afghanistan .
capricornus is the second faintest constellation in the zodiac after cancer  .
later  ,  thetis left her underwater grotto to attend a dinner party on mount olympus wearing a beautiful necklace of silver and sapphires  ,  which vulcan had made for her  .
the next morning  ,  heather finds a bundle of sticks and fabric outside their tent  .
p346 rubinstein was jewish  ,  and his family planned for him to become a rabbi  .
the 1970 nobel peace prize winner started the world food prize .
in 1962 he became famous when he was a soloist in a nationally televised new york philharmonic young people s concert  ,  conducted by leonard bernstein  .
nucleosomes are thought to carry epigenetically inherited information  ,  as modifications of their core histones  .
the award was first presented in 1991 to recognize non-mainstream rock albums `` heavily played on college radio stations   .
you can see many types of poo at the museum .
the olympic games will be in brazil .  people are also happy about it
youtube will do four things about this problem .
this news is from california .  a bear gets inside a car .
could the most conservative members of congress save obamacare ?  .
there is evidence of excellent metalwork and even successful brain surgery in inca civilization  .
once encountered  ,  players can fight  ,  flee  ,  or capture missingno  .
he has over 20 million followers on social media and he often posts about his personal life .
the shield is crowned with the dutch royal crown and supported by two lions  .
gop activist from virginia quits republican party over trump’s remarks .
later  ,  jules verne wrote about a satellite in 1879 in a book called begum s fortune  .
müller mentored some distinguished physiologists and biologists  ,  including hermann von helmholtz  ,  emil du bois-reymond  ,  theodor schwann  ,  friedrich gustav jakob henle  ,  carl ludwig and ernst haeckel  .
the first official use of the name antarctica as a continental name in the 1890s is said to have been used by scottish cartographer john george bartholomew  .
thomas luken ,  ohioan who served in congress for 15 years ,  dies at 92 .
all burn permits suspended .
colombians will vote on the peace deal .
2015 will likely end as the least deadly tornado year on record in the u . s .  .
james clemens baseball to present an evening with sid bream .
fairfax county won’t prosecute man who killed 17-year-old during robbery .
dallas man suspected in string of burglaries arrested in palestine .
the carolingian dynasty ruled france until 987  ,  when hugh capet became king of france  .
charcoal is healthy .  people say that wild animals eat it
part i of interview about democracy and political ignorance conducted by yale law school prof .  jack balkin .
bollywood actress juhi chawla heading to hollywood .
for 1989  ,  it was planned to move the grand prix to a new circuit at belle isle  .
schleicher came up with the idea of presidential government  ,  and the `` 25\/48\/53 formula   .
he also says that more help is coming .
police arrest him .  some people are worried about this trend .
initially called the style mucha  ,  this soon became known as art nouveau  .
arafat may have been poisoned .
the gc-ms is made up of two major building blocks : the gas chromatograph and the mass spectrometer  .
one female in the flock  ,  nicknamed `` e7   ,  flew onward from china to alaska and stayed there for the breeding season  .
randy and cynthia left the boys to play in the swimming area while they paddled their 11 feet ( 3 . 4 m ) inflatable raft into deeper waters  .
venices mayor is contacting the restaurant .
in the united states  ,  the term smokestack is also used when talking about locomotive chimneys or ship chimneys  ,  the word funnel can be used too  .
parents must be careful .  babies can choke on big nuts .
texas law on sanctuary cities challenged in federal court .
the fourth and last movement is in sonata rondo form  .
hillary clinton makes a low-key return to washington .
punjabi ( shahmukhi )  ,  seraiki  ,  sindhi  ,  pashto  ,  urdu  ,  balochi  ,  kashmiri ( koshur )  ,  etc .  are the general languages spoken within pakistan  .
the traffic stops .  luckily ,  nobody is injured
scientists also have found `` cosmic microwaves background radiation   .
another bomber attacks the us consulate .
air capture .
later in his career  ,  he became more interested in working from direct observation and gradually developed a light  ,  airy painting style that was to influence the impressionists enormously  .
french people might switch to streaming services instead of listening to the radio .
this means the stories come before christmas .  central europe has saint nicolas .
ice fishing is like doing ‘chess on ice’ .
in 1933 the company was joined by alicia markova  ,  who was appointed prima ballerina  .
teens are 1 .
she runs away .  the local police know about her
a nurse puts special pads on a man’s belly .
motivated to make roster ,  redskins d-lineman joey mbu trains with ‘legends’ this offseason .
billy bob thornton ( born august 4  ,  1955 ) is an american actor  ,  screenwriter  ,  director  ,  singer and musician  .
commuters advised to find alternative transport .
man ‘unresponsive’ after stabbing in capitol hill neighborhood .
it is also the local government area called queanbeyan city council  .
sauber also announced a partnership with the mexican telecom company telmex  .
ben olsen ,  the skateboarding elf .
beyonce and jay z are building $1 . 27 million maternity ward .
a 1930 survey of film exhibitors listed haines as the top box office attraction in the country  .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
missouri state senator seeks to block university of missouri student’s dissertation on abortion regulations .
health mela starts .
on june 9  ,  2009  ,  dibiase married his high school sweetheart leah nicole may  .
three teens charged with knowingly exposing allergic classmate to pineapple .  she was hospitalized .  .
julian edelman reportedly to undergo foot surgery ,  could still return this season .
she is also a former member of parliament serving as deputy in the ukrainian parliament ( verkhovna rada ) for the our ukraine party  .
at first  ,  deep convection was spread throughout the wave axis  ,  though dry air greatly decreased the convection on july 28  .
wives of knights may use the title `` lady  before their surname ( for example lady smith )  ,  but husbands of dames have no title  .
these individuals make up the green lantern corps  ,  an intergalactic police force  .
the evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out  ,  with the relationship of snakes to other groups being most problematic  .
vattenfall submits plans for £190m wind farm .
it includes kde  ,  the k desktop environment  .
in another of his books strata identified by organized fossils ( london 1816-1819 ) he recognized that strata contained distinct fossils  .
for metro riders ,  two evening commutes provide back-to-back misery .
if everything goes well ,  the plane will fly around the world .
john christopher `` chris  stevens ( april 18  ,  1960 - september 12  ,  2012 ) was the tenth american ambassador to libya from june 7  ,  2012 until his death on september 12  ,  2012  .
a city in india has a problem .
plants evolve ways to control embryo growth and development .
tributes flow for actress wendy hughes .
obama nominates janet yellen to lead federal reserve .
a russian pilot said he got no warnings .  he said he was flying over syria .
following its establishment in toulouse  ,  the university joins the institut au service du spatial  ,  de ses applications et technologies during the year 2008  .
kalākaua s remains were sent to honolulu aboard the american cruiser uss charleston  .
in practice  ,  the governor-general carries out all the tasks usually done by a head of state  ,  without asking the queen  .
uss spitfire  ,  which was located in 1997  ,  is on the national register of historic places  .
there were hundreds of sauces in the culinary repertoire  ,  and were a major defining characteristic of french cooking of the 19th and 20th centuries  ,  until nouvelle cuisine  .
the same day ferrari fired stepney  ,  they announced taking action against an engineer from mclaren  ,  later named as mike coughlan  .
the person does not want them .
after legalization ,  teen marijuana use drops sharply in colorado .
they also say beaver dams will flood farmland .  the charity said re-wilding was necessary for the future of nature .
people write the new record into the guinness book of world records .
rasmussen has also been mayor of frederiksborg county north of copenhagen from 1998 to 2001  .
this news is from the philippines .  rodrigo duterte wins the presidential election .
it is a permissive license  ,  meaning that it allows programmers to put the code in proprietary software on the condition that the license is given with that software  ,  and gpl-compatible  ,  meaning that the gpl permits programmers to combine and redistribute it with software that uses the mit license  .
morath was briefly married to the british journalist lionel birch  .
three juveniles ,  three men shot in two incidents in the district .
although the majority of the text is identical  ,  the hittite version claims that the egyptians came suing for peace  ,  while the egyptian version claims the reverse . p73-79 ; 62-64 the treaty was given to the egyptians in the form of a silver plaque  .
the festival began with an opening procession  ,  then a competition of boys singing dithyrambs  ,  and finally two dramatic competitions  .
1 woman dies ,  3 others hurt in olney collision .
the second task was wheel setting  ,  which could be tried once the pin patterns were known  .
anisul hoque ( bengali : আনিসুল হক )  ,  ( born march 4  ,  1965 ) is a bangladeshi author  ,  novelist  ,  dramatist  ,  and journalist  .
infrastructure is the easiest of all ,  trump says after signing tax bill .
this marathon helped people with cancer
we are free at last .
the nature of a concert will vary by musical genre and the individual performers  .
it was part of a small village of 400 to 600 people that existed for about 200 years  .
only when their prey was subdued did they use their teeth  .
darwin studied evolution in the context of charles lyell s geology  ,  but we now know more about earth history  .
this takes them three years .
ohio gun store owner accidentally killed by student during firearm-safety class .
aurobindo pharma may touch rs 252: .
saudi arabia attacks the main airport in yemen’s capital city .
higgs was appointed to the order of the companions of honour in 2013  .
there is a difficult baby elephant .  a person sings to it .
in october  ,  the gazette started their first european tour stopping england  ,  finland  ,  france  ,  and germany  .
in pakistan  ,  raja is still used by many muslim rajput clans as hereditary titles  .
married women dont get roles ?  .
karen black loses her battle to cancer .
it is easier to tune other instruments with this pure tone  ,  when listening to compare with the tone of each other instrument  .
on 4 december 1950 hudner and brown were among a group of pilots on patrol near the chosin reservoir when brown s corsair was struck by ground fire from chinese troops and crashed  .
people are scared .  they run in the streets
the asaf jahi rulers used money to support much literature  ,  art  ,  architecture  ,  culture  ,  jewelry and rich food  .
d . c .  jail inmate found dead in cell .
scientist martin dresler said six weeks of training can help us remember many things .
d . c .  customers to get refunds for excessive loan rates .
white house urges congress to protect u . s .  troops from aggressive for-profit colleges .
more than 18 , 000 died on u . s .  roadways in the first six months of 2017 .
the protestors are water protectors .
the war began because of political struggles caused by the numerous attempts to secede from the southeastern provinces of nigeria and create the republic of biafra  .
illustrissimi ( to the illustrious ones ) is a book written by pope john paul i when he was patriarch of venice  .
despite this defeat  ,  there is no evidence to suggest cynewulf became subject to offa ( as his successor  ,  beorhtric was )  .
during this time he has sold millions of albums through an exclusive distribution deal with wal-mart and has released new singles from time to time  .
the related word italian ragù is a sauce  ,  such as ragù napoletano  .
global stock markets cheer federal reserve rate hike ,  but deeper questions loom for consumers and countries .
they think that a drone is a bird .
he was succeeded by u . s .  representative paul s .  trible  ,  jr .   ,  who served only one term and did not seek reelection in 1988  .
the serb was not the only seed to exit though as iveta benešová defeated maria kirilenko  ,  martinez-sanchez lost to cornet  ,  kleybanova  ,  kanepi  ,  pironkova  ,  bartoli and wickmayer all joined her on the plane home  .
crisfield accountant facing new charges .
it was updated daily and included articles  ,  news  ,  previews  ,  reviews  ,  screenshots and videos on video games  ,  video game hardware and the entertainment gaming industry  .
this news is about the koreas and the usa .
the farm owner says that the rooster visits the goat to get away from other roosters .
of course ,  to somebody who only walked around my rose ,  my rose would look exactly like you .
hundreds of thousands of yemeni children are nearing starvation .
while pillman was still injured  ,  austin joined colonel robert parker s stud stable  .
the end of the triassic saw large-scale rifting during the break-up of pangaea  .
the majority of first year and sophomore year students live in one of these five residence halls  .
in hamlin s first race as a nextel cup driver  ,  he won the 70-lap 2006 budweiser shootout  .
the pictures also show a jet fighter .
feral populations can also pass on diseases to domestic herds  .
the climate in lower egypt is milder than that of upper egypt  .
kenneth turan of los angeles times described the movie as `` standard hollywood product  .  .  .  unadventurous and uninteresting  .
people run in the sahara desert .
the hominin remains are believed to be a human ancestor species and the final missing link between the australopithecus genus and the human genus homo  .
she left korea to study at tenafly high school in the united states  .
more than 5 , 300 u . s .  water systems violated lead-testing rules last year .
a three-year-old does not know what is dangerous for dogs .
there is another special thing in their town .
wendell anderson ,  progressive minnesota governor in 1970s ,  dies at 83 .
louise michel was born at the château of vroncourt ( haute-marne ) on 29 may 1830  ,  the daughter of marianne michel  ,  and of etienne charles demahis  .
it may have reared up on its hind legs to browse on foliage from trees  ,  but its forefeet were as large as its hind feet  ,  indicating a mostly quadrupedal posture  .
the artists who produced these unique paintings used techniques not often observed in other cave art  .
people set a building and tents on fire .
freddy lives with his sister .
it is like normal polo .  however ,  the players don’t ride on horses .  they ride on yaks .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
another early example of town twinning dates back to 1947 when bristol corporation ( later bristol city council ) sent five ` leading citizens  on a goodwill mission to hanover  .
the charged carbon atom in a carbocation is a `` sextet  ( that is  ,  it has only six electrons in its outer valence shell instead of eight valence electrons  .  )
jose fernandez posthumously named nl comeback player of the year .
taunton municipal lighting plant warns customers of phone scam .
he is 74 years old .
the highest point in boston is bellevue hill at 330 feet above sea level  ,  and the lowest point is at sea level  .
because change conflicts are irritating and time-consuming  ,  you may choose to alter your changing habits to render them less frequent : aiming to make more changes to pages that have not been changed recently  .
it attacks the man .
a historian named david beers quinn thinks that the roanoke colony moved to a new place and then was destroyed  .
after resuming to record the abbey road album  ,  the beatles began recording maxwell s silver hammer at abbey road studios on july 9  ,  1969  .
they have been inducted in to the rock and roll hall of fame  .
she became a student of the french ballet-master louis gallodier in 1786  ,  at the age of nine  .
after this episode  ,  grillo slowly was banned from the publicly owned television  .
decision to replace bishop ireton football coach tony verducci frustrates players ,  parents .
late night robbery reported on douglass bridge near nationals park .
both graduate degrees were in mathematics and mathematical physics  .
the average temperature in summer is +21 ° с ( 70 ° f ) and -4 ° с ( 25 ° f ) in winter  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
then he fell down gently as a tree falls .
new research says money can buy happiness .
from 1990 to 1991  ,  sarrazin worked for the treuhand  .
now ,  the cubs live in her living room .
the river is crossed by the historic and scenic king harry ferry  ,  a vehicular chain ferry that links the villages of feock and philleigh  .
tucson police review video of woman being shoved .
bill nye wants us to invent our way out of climate change .
after adelphi apartment building fire ,  all 100 or so residents are displaced .
school board approves replacing synthetic turf .
market likely to trade in range between 6 , 710-6 , 730: .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
this flashing is short  ,  and gradually fades  .
it gained support in the 1999 elections  ,  and further increased its majority in 2004  ,  with 69 . 7 % of the votes  .
engravers use a steel tool called a burin to cut the picture or pattern into the surface  ,  mostly a copper plate  .
this includes saint helena 2 , 430 km ( 1 , 510 mi ) to its north and equatorial ascension island even further north  .
some postcodes cover large populations ( e . g .   ,  postcode 4350 serving some 100 , 000 people in the city of toowoomba )  ,  while other postcodes have much smaller populations  ,  even in urban areas  .
donna noble is a character in the british television series doctor who  .
in spring 2009 he renewed his relationship with charlie watts  ,  drummer of the rolling stones  .
it said these people suffer in silence .
the swine flu in humans is most contagious during the first five days of the illness although some people  ,  most commonly children  ,  can be contagious for up to ten days  .
the box is 60 centimeters long .
forbes is an american business magazine .
organisers of rope skipping film the boy ,  and they later watch the video again in slow motion .
he is from britain .
it also showed up its role in reducing space debris in the inner solar system  .
most of olaf s damage was from its first landfall  .
scientists believe that the shape of magellanic clouds has been caused by tidal interaction with the milky way as they travel close to it  .
the men are fifa officials .  they are corrupt .
a foul on the first break results in a special penalty of a loss of 2 points  .
when delaware started giving numbers to state highways in the 1930s  ,  the road that is de 82 today did not have a number  .
titus ( titus flavius vespasianus  ,  30 december 39 - 13 september 81 ) was roman emperor from 79 to 81  .
on september 22 2006  ,  friday night smackdown  !
she was survived by her two children  ,  john  ,  a tv director  ,  and pamela  ,  a tv producer  .
`` what you want  became the first single off the album  ,  and was released in august 9  ,  2011 to positive critical reception  .
gop senator says va .  democrats threatening to kill or delay hospital bill unless he backs medicaid .
according to kuhn  ,  a paradigm shift occurs when a number of observational anomalies ( problems ) in the old paradigm have made the new paradigm more useful  .
all links to other websites must follow certain formatting rules  .
the constitution also said that the president be elected by the people  .
new incident of bullet fired into house in prince william county .
these include applying statistical mechanics to chemical systems and irving langmuir s work on colloids and surface chemistry  .
william harrison `` jack  dempsey ( june 24  ,  1895 - may 31  ,  1983 ) was an american boxer who held the world heavyweight title between 1919 and 1926 known as `` the manassa mauler   ,  dempsey was a tremendous puncher famous for his exciting fights  ,  many of which set financial and attendance records  .
vimbly announces expansion of sailing and water adventures .
sauber ended the season with twelve points  ,  seventh out of the thirteen original entries  .
plan to close d . c .  general ,  city’s blighted family homeless shelter ,  clears hurdle .
british tv host is on life support in rio after contracting rare form of malaria .
it consists of two equally important components : a network of sensors to detect tsunamis and a communications infrastructure to issue timely alarms to start evacuation before the big waves reach the land to let the people to rush to safety  .
the experience point ( xp ) system is different than the old vegas  ,  for every kill achieved the player gains xp  .
brazil must be ready for the olympics .
mma fighter ivan ‘j . p . ’ cole dies in what may have been a russian roulette game .
microsoft to offer cloud services from servers in germany hosted by german company .
the womens teams can only play against each other ,  not against men .
woodbridge man arrested for rape .
buchanan is largely responsible for the rebirth of political economy in the second half of 20th century  .
marton and copse road depots closed in the same year  .
the chromosphere  ,  transition region  ,  and corona are much hotter than the outer photosphere surface of the sun  .
the first performance took place in 1899 at the moscow theater of the private opera of s . i .  mamontov  .
americorps to host butterfly program .
the new stadium also includes `` more than 3 , 000 sony lcd tv s throughout the luxury suites  ,  concourses  ,  concession areas and more  ,  offering fans viewing options that extend beyond the action on the field  ,   and a center-hung video board that is the largest high-definition television screen in the world  .
in these years  ,  his critical reputation had grown  ,  and this novel was awarded the john w .  campbell memorial award for best science fiction novel  .
caps’ braden holtby ,  mystics’ ivory latta and natasha cloud to walk in pride parade .
august always ends on the same day of the week as november  .
r . e . m .  released its first single  ,  `` radio free europe  in 1981  .
the economic costs of the war were felt all across greece ; poverty became widespread in the peloponnese  ,  athens was completely devastated  ,  and never regained its pre-war prosperity  .
they made enough spider silk to stretch for one kilometer .
the boston bruins recorded the league s worst record  ,  missing the playoffs for the first time in thirty seasons and ending the longest number of years in a row in the playoffs ever recorded in the history of north american professional sport  .
these drinks are not good for you .
it also makes clear which people are not seen as refugees  ,  such as war criminals  .
a baby otter is in a canal in arizona .
although they succeeded in assassinating caesar  ,  the celebration was short-lived  .
india’s prime minister does yoga ,  too .  thousands of people exercise with him
the venerable is used as a style in several christian churches  .
archaeologist  ,  felix chami thinks that bantu settlements at the east african coast existed already at the beginning of the 1st millennium  .
caterpillar invests $14 . 8 million to expand its plant in corinth ,  mississippi .
the cells are small and protoplasm fills the cell completely  .
islamic state publishes video of purported suicide bomber in germany .
it can also refer to the mode of growth  ,  i . e .  numeric models for describing how much a particular quantity grows over time :
these cameras pick up light .  the light comes from distant stars .
according to the world wildlife fund  ,  the following ecoregions have the highest percentage of endemic plants : some of the principal threats to these special ecosystems are :
he looked once more around the whole planet .
she is giving birth .
medal winners include nelson mandela  ,  sir frank whittle and professor stephen hawking  .
he said the crew were great and they kept everybody calm .
supreme court says virginia redistricting must be reexamined for racial bias .
in 1817  ,  the battle of waterloo was re-played with 1 , 000 soldiers taking part  .
they blame the boys mother for harambes death .
trump administration revokes protections for transgender students in public schools .
people began to settle along the lower amu darya and the uzboy in the 5th century a . d .   ,  establishing a thriving chain of agricultural lands  ,  towns  ,  and cities  .
the daily 202: walter mondale frustrated with obama’s handling of cia torture report .
it seems the insects were not a particularly successful group of animals before they evolved wings  .
buchanan field has had no airline flights since  .
number of mortgage products available passes 12 , 000 .
people shoot the orangutan with a special gun .
there is a surprise .
people move the pole onto a boat .
lott s third single from the album was `` cry me out   .
d . c . ’s dusty hernandez-harrison fights to draw with mike dallas jr .  .
kareem abdul-jabbar introduces himself as michael jordan to mock donald trump .
during the rainy season ,  there are the most lightning bolts .
however  ,  most chemical writing uses mol\/dm3  ,  or mol dm-3  ,  which is the same as mol\/l  .
john calipari knows a selfish player .
part of a waterfall freezes .  this waterfall is on the yellow river .
nonetheless  ,  when he fell ill with smallpox  ,  she nursed him until his recovery  .
the biggest difference between towed and tracked rapier was that the tracked rapier launcher has eight missiles  .
it is the state tree of minnesota  .
eukaryotic dna is put in bundles called chromosomes  ,  which are separated by a microtubular spindle during cell division  .
it has two new songs .  one song is called ‘i still have faith in you’ .
virginia man killed in early sunday crash after veering off beltway exit ramp .
they plan them for october .  people register for the elections .
harry potter fans asked to keep a secret .
markieff morris declares he will play in game 2 .
dry air encountered the depression  ,  and as such the depression developed very slowly ; forecasters maintained considerable difficulty in determining a center of circulation  .
it is the largest obelisk in europe and would have been even higher if the public funding had not run out  .
many species are brightly colored and include popular species such as the emperors  ,  admirals  ,  tortoiseshells  ,  and fritillaries  .
this takes about four minutes .
a scientist experimented on the rocks .
second-generation antihistamines do not appear to be effective  .
for example  ,  cyclooctatetraene has alternating single and double bonds  .
power companies prepare for tropical storm karen .
the last mayan states  ,  the itza city of tayasal and the ko ` woj city of zacpeten  ,  still had people living in them late into the 17th century  .
however  ,  many alp ( anti-communist ) members were not irish  .
ethanol discount to gasoline widens after us production rises .
there were no membership numbers or cards when hitler joined the party  .
couple charged in wyo .  lived in missouri for years .
she received the constantijn huygens prize in 1981 and the p .  c .  hooft award in 1984  .
liam payne opens up after saving friends life .
second-grade teacher charged with being intoxicated at northern virginia school .
the london underground 1967 stock was a deep-level tube stock that ran on the victoria line from 1968 to 2011  .
jayson werth’s adjusted contract will defer $10 million .
alexandria will seek to move confederate statue and rename jefferson davis highway .
in a bid to soften his image ,  trump makes a brief visit to a black detroit church .
after 1971 safety concerns led to the grand prix moving permanently to mosport  .
trump’s inauguration could be one of the warmest .  new photos show taft’s was one of the wintriest .  .
a woman is pregnant .  she is going to have twins .
vconnecta first irish company to supply campaigning technology in the us .
in 2008  ,  edna russman said that a third of the coptic art in the museum s collection  ,  the second-largest in north america  ,  is fake  .
these studies found that flying squirrels originated 18-20 million years ago  ,  are monophyletic  ,  and have a sister relationship with tree squirrels  .
president duterte said he would end military and economic deals with the usa .
an owl named big mama and her two bird friends  ,  a sparrow named dinky and a woodpecker named boomer  ,  arrange for him to be adopted by a widow named widow tweed  .
christie died on 12 january 1976 at age 85 from natural causes at her winterbrook house in the north of cholsey parish  ,  adjoining wallingford in oxfordshire ( formerly part of berkshire )  .
they start to run ,  but the train is too fast .  they must lie down on the train tracks .
they want to help her .
royal rumble ( 2009 ) was a wrestling pay-per-view ( ppv ) made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe )  .
british vets find the orangutan .  he is sick and afraid .  the vets save him .
barkha dutt joins global opinions .
she says that he is a great pet .  he is small enough to be inside her house
driver ,  92 ,  charged with fatally striking man while he was trying to park in old town alexandria .
colin mclaughlin ,  damascus celebrate unprecedented dual meet four-peat .
her father was the rev .  george austen ( 1731-1805 )  ,  and her mother was cassandra  ,  née leigh ( 1739-1827 )  .
three days later ,  the line gets worse .  it is bigger .
`` the substitute  is paltrow s first ever scripted-show guest performance  .
3 million us dollars
the opening theme is accompanied by an alberti bass played in the left hand  .
she plants a tree there .
why everyone (it seems) hates the news media .
even in a society where homes were very simple and people did not own very many things  ,  men and women did different jobs  .
it was also the fifth most powerful earthquake on earth since modern record-keeping began in 1900  .
more utility pole work to impact traffic thursday .
the traditional subdivision between megachiroptera and microchiroptera reflects the view that these groups of bats have evolved independently of each other for a long time  ,  from a common ancestor which was already capable of flight  .
dj durkin’s contract with maryland includes hefty buyout and lots of incentives .
in the provincial election of 1976  ,  the parti québécois was elected to the government of québec for the first time and rené lévesque  ,  became the premier of quebec  .
it is written by johan de koning of the netherlands  .
police come and the robber goes to jail for life .
when strongmen meet: trump and duterte in manila .
saharas roy to remain in custody: .
the current duet started recording in late 2007 with susi and fiona ( then 12 and 11 years old respectively )  .
dame edith mary evans  ,  ( 8 february 1888 - 14 october 1976 ) was a british actress  .
these minerals often produce lower precision ages than igneous and metamorphic minerals traditionally used for age dating  ,  but are more common in the geologic record  .
wwe star rich swann arrested for allegedly battering his wife .
french cyclist says he was attacked with knife ,  wooden baton while training .
in this movie  ,  inspector jacques clouseau ( steve martin ) is assigned to solve the murder of a famous soccer coach and the theft of the famous pink panther diamond  .
joe started his musical career at age 15  ,  learning to play by ear and influenced during his formative years by bad religion  ,  minor threat  ,  bad brains  ,  the descendents and other similar bands  .
the rise of his own stardom and the general decline in the popularity of boy bands led to a continuation of n sync s hiatus  ,  although the group has never officially disbanded  .
when the northern territory separated from south australia they kept using central standard time  .
a model tattooed her eyeball purple .  she now could lose her eye .  .
in 1936  ,  her husband unexpectedly became king when her brother-in-law  ,  edward viii  ,  abdicated because he wanted to marry an american lady  ,  wallis simpson  ,  who had been divorced  .
from 1932 to 1990 the city was known as gorky ( russian : го́рький -rcb- after the writer maxim gorky  .
it is fully furnished .  it has real tables ,  chairs and dishes .
a group of men rob a jewellery shop .  they rob it at noon .
the single `` love on top  won the best traditional r&b performance award at the grammy awards  .
he was a prisoner of war for 28 months  .
the celebrated return made more than $ 2 . 4 million in ticket sales  ,  making the pay-per-view the highest grossing wwe event ever to be at madison square garden  .
the assault results in a miscarriage  .
it was created in 1922 and is named for sir edmund barton  ,  the first prime minister of australia  .
syria agrees to give un access to site of chemical weapons attack .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
australia s other territories  ,  ( jervis bay  ,  christmas island and the cocos ( keeling ) islands ) are not self-governing  .
the first edition of the score has sonata quasi una fantasia written as the heading  ,  a title this work shares with its companion piece  ,  op  .
spending most of his spare time studying  ,  writing or investigating natural and geographic phenomena in the field  ,  he wrote an encyclopedic work  ,  naturalis historia ( `` natural history  )  ,  which became a model for all such works written subsequently  .
top al-qaeda leader reported killed in afghanistan in u . s . -afghan operation .
the 30th and 1st infantry divisions joined up on 16 october  .
a security camera in manchester films a man .  he has a big knife .
this news is from lyon ,  france .  the euro tournament is in lyon .  20 , 000 people come to lyon .
hard work pays off .
the name is believed to mean `` big hammock  in the timucua language  .
many governments worldwide have placed restrictions on drug production and sales in an attempt to decrease drug abuse  .
casino game to play .
such an object might also be orbiting at a bit different inclination to the f ring  ,  thereby not actually passing through the ring material even though it was being seen both radially inward and outward of it  .
jhonny peralta close to signing with cardinals .
tips for calling 911 .
would-be robbers target an off-duty sheriff’s deputy in largo .
this news is from a prison in brazil .  it is a prison for women .
another reason is parents do too many things for their children .
its name is robocop .
the song got to number 13 on the billboard modern rock tracks chart  .
gueffroy and his friend christian gaudian tried to escape from east berlin to west berlin on the night of 5 to 6 february 1989  .
vicky cristina barcelona is a 2008 spanish-american romantic comedy-drama movie  .
dutch newspaper publishes cartoon depicting turkey’s erdogan as an ape crushing free speech .
national academy of sciences ( nas ) is united states corporation whose members serve as advisers to the nation on science  .
after being in the british indian army  ,  nazrul made himself a journalist in kolkata ( then calcutta )  .
mohammad khaled hossain is the youngest child of his parents  .
leonese language day ( día de la llingua llïonesa ) is a celebration of the leonese language  .
dillard leaves hurricanes .
it was co-produced by walden media and walt disney pictures  .
harry potter and the philosopher s stone is the first book in the harry potter series  ,  written by j . k .  rowling  .
subway to remove chemical ingredient from bread .
a note to erdogan and his thugs: you can’t beat up protestors here .
it is small but it can be very brave .
a smaller number of people follow the ahmadiyya islam  ,  a reformatory sect that started in 19th century india  .
chelonia mydas  ,  commonly known as the green turtle or myda turtle  ,  is a large sea turtle belonging to the family cheloniidae  .
as of 2004  ,  the navy yard houses a variety of activities  .
the assembly must also accept or amend ( change ) the mayor s budget on an annual basis ( every year )  .
kozlov earned a match against triple h for the wwe championship at survivor series by defeating the undertaker by disqualification on the november 6 episode of smackdown  .
a heated table is required under international carom rules and is an important requirement for the games of three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards  .
it either contains phosphorus or phosphorus sesquisulfide as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder  .
such a trip  ,  especially off the few big roads in the outback  ,  requires very good planning and a suitable vehicle ( usually four wheel drive )  .
it sends ash and black smoke into the sky .
the crash injures fifteen people .
experts look at the part .
breslow to make spring debut on monday .
zuko and katara decide to fight azula in the fire nation capital while sokka  ,  toph  ,  and suki attempt to destroy the airship fleet of ozai  .
one of them says that for him it is only a light .
how cristela alonzo influenced her ‘cars 3’ breakout character .
mexicans celebrate it .  they visit the pyramids of teotihuacan .  the pyramids are 40 kilometres from mexico city .
julián padrón had these jobs : julián padrón died in caracas on august 2  ,  1954  .
historically  ,  dating from ancient sumerian use of sheep or goats  ,  or other peoples using pigs  ,  rare seashells  ,  or other items as commodity money  ,  people have sought ways to standardize and trade contracts in the delivery of such items  ,  to render trade itself more smooth and predictable  .
va official pushes back against lawmakers ,  saying ‘you can’t fire your way to excellence’ .
husserl then started to concentrate on the ideal  ,  essential structures of consciousness  .
republican sen .  lisa murkowski announces support for repealing individual mandate ,  a potential boost to tax overhaul .
‘the voice’ finale: how chloe kohanski won despite a big mistake by miley cyrus .
sorcha stays with red as she works on the shirts  .
the little prince sat down on a rock ,  and he looked at the stars .
bluetooth devices can advertise all the services they offer  .
kromek raises £15m .
( george vi was legally king of ireland until 1 april 1949 ) however in april 1940 he suffered a massive stroke  .
the new video shows people what women really want .
she then moved to chicago to take classes at the improvisational comedy group the second city  .
it is in the university of british columbia s malcolm knapp research forest  ,  about 70 km ( 43 mi ) east of vancouver  .
when i looked at the bucket ,  i could see the sunshine in the water .
some of his students were t .  s .  eliot  ,  robert frost  ,  gertrude stein  ,  walter lippmann  ,  and w .  e .  b .  du bois  .
here are some other things he also wants .  he does not want the usa to be in the trans-pacific partnership .  he wants to cancel many restrictions .
san marino is the third smallest country in europe  ,  only vatican city and monaco are smaller  .
tendulkar enters his farewell series in 24th position .
trump becomes the candidate if they stop their campaigns completely .  people are not happy about this .
stenhousemuir was relegated from the scottish second division to the scottish third division for the first time in the history of the club  .
wikileaks founder assange rebuffed in bid to drop british arrest warrant .
california’s vaccination requirement is constitutional ,  says federal court .
the borkum and helgoland camps were called `` volunteer  ( hilfswillige ) labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the sylt and norderney camps  .
it operated until 2007 when the park announced it would be shut down  .
barack obama gives a speech .  a man starts to shout .
a sinkhole appears on a farm .  the farm is in new zealand .
the first iroquois league was often known as the five nations  ,  as it was made up of the mohawk  ,  oneida  ,  onondaga  ,  cayuga and seneca  .
in 1999 fide was recognized by the international olympic committee  .
other baby orangutans became pets .
in the older japanese documents  ,  he was often referred as the `` unthroned emperor  ( 廃帝  ,  haitei  ?  )
ankle replacement was once disparaged as borderline quackery .  no longer .  .
jardine is best known for captaining the english team during the 1932-33 ashes tour of australia  .
wwe decided not to fill his spot with another superstar  ,  making this year s money in the bank ladder match the first year to only have 7 participants  .
the scientific name comes from the greek word for ` king   ,  basiliskos  ,  because of the snakes large size and dangerous venom  .
lightning bar s mother was della p  ,  a daughter of the thoroughbred stallion doc horn  .
the doctor uses an ultrasound .  experts try similar tests on giraffes and sharks .  however ,  snake hearts interest them more .
this is known as a holeshot win  .
you can check your address confirmation status in your preferences and can confirm it from there  .
the harbor wall  ,  `` the cobb   ,  features in jane austen s novel persuasion  ,  and in the movie and novel  ,  the french lieutenant s woman  ,  by local writer john fowles  .
once a djinni on standby has been used for a summon sequence  ,  it spends a number of turns recovering before it restores itself to set mode on a character  .
in bipolar disorder  ,  there are episodes of mania that alternate with ones of clinical depression  .
new documents show trump aide laundered payments from party with moscow ties ,  lawmaker alleges .
in 2010  ,  he was loaned to rfu championship side  ,  bedford blues  .
it was her second album to debut at # 1 on the billboard hot 200  ,  making it clarkson s second non-consecutive number-one album  .
the aboriginal traditional owners of the park are descendants of various clan groups from the kakadu area  .
after an eventful summer ,  markieff morris returns to the wizards .
however  ,  his united states impresario sol hurok wanted him to still be billed as artur  ,  and his recordings were released in the west under both names  .
japanese-canadian gosei are typical for any ethnic group  .
vw to recall 8 . 5 million diesel vehicles in europe .
after 24 years ,  police find the daughter .
trump golf course ordered to pay $5 . 7 million to ex-members .
at the same time  ,  michael dante dimartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the south pole  .
long belts of gabbro intrusions are typically formed at proto-rift zones and around ancient rift zone margins  .
america’s immigration courts are a diorama of dysfunction .
fcc to delay vote on new set-top box rules .
the cape has lots of animals  ,  with more than 700 vertebrate land animal species  .
at the 2011 san diego comic-con  ,  gillan said she will be on doctor who for its seventh series  .
they moved into the southern bahamas from hispaniola and cuba around the 11th century ad  ,  having come there from south america  .
in the third shooting  ,  the same rifle shot the marine corps museum again on october 29  .
some minerals  ,  like quartz  ,  mica or feldspar are common  ,  while others have been found in only a few places in the world  .
from 1901 to 1958  ,  the seat was held by the watkins family  .
why leonardo dicaprio will take the oscar for ‘the revenant’ .
metro board to seek answers on safety ,  communications at emergency meeting .
the name troy weight for gold derives from the standard of measurement which developed in troyes  .
pro wrestling pioneer chavo guerrero sr .  dies after fight with liver cancer .
alfred russel wallace om  ,  frs ( 8 january 1823 - 7 november 1913 ) was a british naturalist  ,  explorer  ,  biologist and social activist  .
he wants people to control their personal data .
in the us ,  a strong storm is coming to texas .
wolfgang köhler ( 21 january 1887 - 11 june 1967 ) was a german psychologist who  ,  like max wertheimer and kurt koffka  ,  helped create gestalt psychology  .
in 1998  ,  it was captured by ecowas soldiers who were trying to make ahmad tejan kabbah the president again  .
the three-toed hind limbs were long and thick  ,  supporting the body in a bipedal posture  .
pacheco is 5 . 5 miles ( 9 km ) north of walnut creek  .
no terror group takes responsibility .  some egyptians believe that the crash is an act of god
people say that the pilot is very good
xena : warrior princess is an emmy award-winning american cult television series  .
the island is a volcanic archipelago about 1 , 000 km ( 620 mi ) west of the ecuadorian mainland  .
cat used for target practice survives being shot by arrow .
they feed primarily on rodents and birds and  ,  with some species being over 3 m ( 10 feet )  ,  they are on the top levels of some food chains  .
no political influence in clinton email probe ,  obama says .
supreme court denies bid to expand early voting in ohio .
the battle of hatfield chase was fought on 12 october 633 at hatfield chase near doncaster in present day yorkshire  .
he became a state councillor in 1937 under kurt schuschnigg  .
people move her body back to the uk
another production ran on the oxygen cable channel in a daily version  ,  airing from 2000 through 2003  .
16-year-old is charged with murder in september shooting in d . c .  .
what would it take for the cowboys to bench dak prescott for tony romo ?  .
but ,  because he was a very good man ,  all his orders were reasonable .
on july 4 1778  ,  during the american revolution  ,  the city was captured by george rogers clark and his force of 200 men including captain leonard helm  .
george mason university student dies after taking hallucinogenic drug ,  falling from window .
two rockville high students arrested for allegedly raping classmate at school .
good afternoon ,  says the policeman .
what does wild mean ?  people ,  said the fox ,  have guns and they hunt .
howard davies ,  acclaimed director on london and new york stages ,  dies at 71 .
it was produced by centropolis entertainment  ,  emmerich s production company  ,  and distributed by columbia pictures  .
charter of quebec values will be uniting force for province: .
three people killed in prince george’s county during the weekend .
they kick the ball and do tricks .
around 1 , 000 firefighters fight the fires .  sixty-four people die .
the animals  ,  46 mammals and 72 birds  ,  ( were a present from london zoo  .  )
the innsbruck medical university ( german : medizinische universität innsbruck ) is a university in innsbruck  ,  austria  .
these people are disabled .
miss manners: with greedy relatives ,  a firm ‘no’ is called for .
in the east : the lower bavarian uplands and the isar-inn gravel plateaus ( d65 on the map ) ; the river lech is roughly the border between the two natural regions in parts  .
during this time  ,  the slower tortoise has run a much shorter distance  ,  say  ,  10 metres  .
give it up and let s go fishing  ,   but ayrton said that  ,  `` sid  ,  there are certain things over which we have no control  .
washington area’s top girls’ basketball teams get set for national competition .
djeser-djeseru sits on a series of agricultural terraces that once had lush gardens  .
ivanishvili to name successor next week .
i won’t leave you .
41 euros .
they serve as the adult s primary means of propulsion ( moving around ) : vampire squid are said to `` fly  through the water by way of flapping their fins  .
important attractions included the silver springs nature theme park  ,  wild waters water park  ,  and the now-defunct western-themed six gun territory  ,  all in nearby silver springs  ,  florida  .
air canada tumbles most in four years on forecast .
fetty wap gets robbed in nj ,  shootout ensues .
it was carried to william in the hague by rear admiral arthur herbert ( the later lord torrington ) disguised as a common sailor  .
however ,  vellum can last for 5 , 000 years .
it is produced all year round and the quality can vary seasonally as well as by year  .
the west wing is an american television drama created by aaron sorkin that was originally shown from september 22  ,  1999 to may 14  ,  2006  .
ethologists are typically interested in a behavioural process rather than in a particular animal group and often study one type of behavior ( e . g .  aggression ) in a number of unrelated animals  .
they said that 25 years ago ,  people could not imagine how the internet would change our lives .
around 100 houses in acapulco and zihuatanejo were damaged or washed away by flash flooding  .
she used these ideas to form the theory of vibrism  ,  which is a combination of synthetic cubism of the pre-war period and larionov and goncharova s rayonism  .
agents of storm announced for ios by remedy entertainment .
in 1662 john graunt used analysis of the mortality rolls in london before the great plague to provide statistical evidence for many theories on disease  ,  and refute widespread ideas on them  .
effects managers such as xcompmgr and transset-df can add true transparency to desktop elements and windows  .
bruce jenner moves out of family home ,  living full time in malibu .
governor christie signs 10 gun bills .
although a roman road was built joining london to the south coast and passing through what is now burgess hill  ,  there is no evidence that the romans settled in the area  .
anne s body still had a shroud wrapped around her and there was still red hair on her skull  .
on march 29  ,  2006  ,  abramoff and kidan were both sentenced in the suncruz case to the minimum amount of 70 months  .
but it’ll be like an old empty shell .
anti-trade democrats say obama’s pacific rim trade pact is for the dogs .
from 1983 to 1989 he served for three terms in the united states house of representatives  .
duane reade assistant managers can proceed as class .
katrina struck the peninsula with 80 mph ( 130 km\/h ) winds  ,  and had a well-defined eye on doppler radar  ,  which managed to stay undisturbed throughout its passage over florida  .
in a rare trip to los angeles ,  orioles fall to dodgers .
ben’s chili bowl mural gets a wizards makeover in time for the playoffs .
instead  ,  in 1919  ,  he bought the 40-room mobley hotel in cisco  ,  texas  .
5 million people in 2015 .
u-conn .  hires randy edsall to coach its football program  .   .   .  yes ,  again .
rand paul’s ‘filibuster’ fails to delay debt votes .
giant pandas live in central china .
fasting is eating little or nothing for a day or two .
powerball jackpot hits $800 million .
he saves him .  the driver later goes to hospital
‘the age of shadows’ is a stylish and morally complex thriller .
preparedness training scheduled .
the shape of the skull and the fact that the feet face forward rather than outward  .
the washington post called him ,  one of the most popular ,  inventive and influential recording artists .
they killed him when he tried to lead them to the king s manor to pay a trading tax on their goods  .
why populist uprisings could end a half-century of greater economic ties .
it was named after the englishman oliver heaviside  .
the state is located in western brazil  ,  in an area of the country that is mostly marshes of the pantanal  .
he holds his chest .
this new internet platform will allow music fans all over the world to see and hear the philharmonic s concerts - live or on demand  .
nearly 900 apply to grow ,  produce or sell medical marijuana in maryland .
himni i flamurit ( in english : hymn to the flag ) is the national anthem of albania  .
the first section of the motorway was the preston by-pass  ,  opened on 5 december 1958  .
they also dunk biscuits in tea .  one man takes this to an extreme .
they have fangs connected to secretory glands ; it is still unknown whether these glands secrete digestive juices or poisonous venom  ,  or whether remipedes feed primarily on detritus or on living organisms  .
listen to juanita broaddrick .
people are at a concert in manchester .
penn state reaches multimillion settlement with 26 victims .
this has cells and other mechanisms which defend the host from any infection  .
supreme court scheduled to hear transgender bathroom case in march .
the object struck by the explorer caused a 10 by 4 inch ( 25 × 10 cm ) hole to the ship s port side ( left side ) which allowed sea water to enter the ship  .
he was succeeded as monarch by his elder daughter elizabeth ii  .
each province is member to the league of provinces of the philippines  ,  an organization which aims to address issues affecting provincial and metropolitan government administrations  .
the world reacts to the mass shooting in orlando .
tokyo motor show opens to public .
joe biden calls for end to lgtb workplace discrimination .
there are more heart attacks because our body clock changes .
the 737-600 s rivals are the airbus a318  ,  embraer 195 and sukhoi superjet 100  .
in 2000  ,  tania graduated in psychology at the university mackenzie  ,  because his family was important to go to college  ,  but has never practiced the craft  .
he found a chemical that copies the good things about exercise without exercising .
its name is kaaba .  this place is the most important place for a muslim .
for comparison  ,  the milky way is about 100 , 000 light years across  .
vézina was diagnosed with tuberculosis  ,  and died on march 27  ,  1926 the only goaltender to play for the canadiens between 1910 and 1925  ,  vézina helped the team win the stanley cup in 1916 and 1924  ,  while going to the stanley cup finals three more times  .
a woman felt sad that mr lee did not live long enough to see the anniversary .
joe nathan declines option ,  becomes free agent .
barca have something to prove .
he likes the games .
see also : list of honeyeaters the genera cleptornis and apalopteron ( bonin honeyeater )  ,  which were once in the meliphagidae  ,  have recently been moved to the zosteropidae on genetic evidence  .
it has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million adults each week  ,  with over 18 million of them are men  ,  19 % of the adult males in the united states  .
broward sheriff says deputies will carry rifles at schools after ‘pure evil’ of parkland massacre .
she does this for one minute .  she is the best in the world .
according to the report  ,  the international nuclear power industry has been unable to stop the slow decline of nuclear energy  .
if you hear the thunder 15 seconds after you see the lightning ,  the lightning is 4 .
it is based on the story of samson and delilah in the old testament of the bible  .
according to the vatican  ,  pope john paul ii s remains ( which will not be exhumed and exposed ) will be moved from the grotto beneath st .  peter s basilica  ,  where he is presently buried  ,  to a marble stone monument in pier paolo cristofari s chapel of st .  sebastian  ,  which is where blessed pope innocent xi is currently buried ; blessed pope innocent s remains will likely be moved  .
the line was launched on december 30  ,  2000 in europe and june\/july 2001 in canada and the united states  .
the fire starts in a place where children can play .
the government offers $130 billion to college students .  why aren’t more applying for it ?  .
comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets  ,  scientists think the extreme course may be characteristic of flows in the interior of the planet and not the result of uranus  sideways rotational movement  .
a researcher said: this is the first successful example of [copying] spider silk spinning… .
almagro pulls out of australian open with shoulder injury .
it has been awarded since 1983  .
they begin eating solid foods such as worms and grubs after about 2 weeks  .
cleveland won the afc central division in 1989 before losing to the denver broncos in the conference championship for the third time in four years  .
bulls are not the only danger .
in humans  ,  yawning is often triggered by others yawning ( e . g .  seeing a person yawning  ,  talking to someone on the phone who is yawning ) and is a typical example of positive feedback  .
they sleep deep in the ground until one of them wants to wake up .
in the larger cities of the time  ,  the variety of cuisine from different regions led caterers to create a list for their patrons  .
this group is for all students and teachers of english who use newsinlevels .
clean energy is the best way to a clean future .
they tell the men to stop ,  but it does not help .
this happens in england .
the distribution range of species was later reduced to an inland desert region  ,  where it was last recorded in the 1950s  .
in 1935 the art section was changed into art museum  ,  in 1947 it was called state museum of armenia and from 1991 it was renamed as national gallery of armenia  .
the rain causes floods and landslides .  it kills sixty people .
white knight continued to be based at mojave  ,  but would ferry over to plant 42 when flights were scheduled  .
but the surfers come close to it .
family calls for residents to dig deep to help philippines .
european commission raises its forecast for bulgaria .
the city was part of the moldavian principality  ,  which  ,  starting with the 16th century fell under the suzerainty of the ottoman empire  .
it is difficult to know how our nose will change shape in the future .
she was born in august ,  1900 .  she is 117 years old in 2018 .
volvo is starting a new project .
there is also a special giant red rooster from france .
in recent years  ,  rangers have also introduced a third kit  .
in 2006  ,  it was announced that wwe would be reviving ecw as its third `` brand  ( to complement raw and smackdown  !  )
the cave flooded and trapped the boys and their coach .
fish include sharks  ,  rays  ,  paddlefish  ,  bowfins  ,  gars  ,  and teleosts  .
she also donated a large amount to build a facility for invalid children at the johns hopkins hospital in baltimore  .
on 3 february 1891  ,  carter became governor and commander-in-chief of the colony of lagos ( now nigeria )  .
abel tasman was the next explorer to visit in 1644  .
on 2 june of that same year  ,  queen elizabeth awarded him the order of merit  .
phorusrhacos stood around 2 . 5 meters ( 8 ft ) tall and weighed approximately 130 kilograms ( 280 lbs )  .
this is good for them .  they can have good jobs in the future
dixon died of heart failure in burbank  ,  california on january 29  ,  1992  .
initially the storm was predicted to move in a clockwise loop and slowly move to the west in response to a high pressure system  .
doris roberts ,  actress who played tart-tongued mother on ‘everybody loves raymond , ’ dies at 90 .
klemperer retired from conducting in 1971  ,  but was officially still its principal conductor until his death in 1973  .
washington ,  get ready for some prince harry .
amanda dempsey passes away at 79 .
this biofuel is made from plants .
mr obama said his visit is a time to remember that war is bad .
the brand extension officially began on april 1  ,  2002  .
chicago cubs hire rick renteria as new manager .
bulletproof glass varies in thickness from three-quarters of an inch to three inches  .
geotechnical engineering uses principles of soil and rock mechanics to determine : to design : and to monitor : foundations built for above-ground structures include shallow and deep foundations  .
camel racing is a tradition in jordan .  crowds come to watch .
betsy devos omitted $125 , 000 anti-union political donation from senate disclosure form .
many casus and arguss ( groups to establish forward air bases ) were formed at and dispatched from los alamitos during the war  .
one stone is hot .  this is not normal .
kodiak woman starts diaper bank .
it is a friendly game .
heathrow is the main hub of british airways and virgin atlantic and a major hub for bmi  .
bernie sanders plans to launch television advertising next month in iowa and new hampshire .
they show it right after the attack
ben shepherd was the vocalist on wellwater conspiracy s first studio album  ,  declaration of conformity  ,  released in 1997  ,  however he left the band in 1998  .
the development of rc2 was sponsored by lotus  ,  who were seeking a custom cipher be exported as part of their lotus notes software  ,  after evaluation by the nsa  .
the word `` philosophy  comes from two greek words  ,  meaning `` love of wisdom   .
lebron raymone james ( born december 30 1984 in akron  ,  ohio ) is an american professional basketball player who plays for the miami heat of the national basketball association  .
family guy is an american animated comedy television series created by seth macfarlane  .
a central bank ( or reserve bank ) manages a state s currency  ,  money supply  ,  and interest rates  .
it was elected during the `` march revolution  in the states of the german confederation  .
the southwestern united states ( called the american southwest or simply the southwest ) is a region of the western united states  .
first  ,  there is an induction period during which reactive magnesium becomes exposed to the organic reagents  .
at night they thought they heard lions in the forest and climbed a tree for shelter  .
this news is from thailand .
a cross-border road will open for the first time in two years .
the nation was in the summer olympic games in 1996  ,  2000 and 2004  .
all of them celebrate .  there is a lot of food .
nelson earned a bachelor s degree in philosophy from swarthmore college in 1959  ,  a master s degree in sociology from harvard university in 1963 and a doctorate in media and governance from keio university in 2002  .
venus williams falls in three sets to karolina pliskova at u . s .  open .
in september 2000  ,  fellow chicago sun-times columnist richard roeper became the permanent co-host and the show was renamed at the movies with ebert & roeper  .
late ‘road rules’ star danny dias found with cuts on wrist .
the sea currents carry their eggs to the norwegian sea  ,  and the adults also swim there in order to benefit from the food supply  .
he was principal conductor of the royal philharmonic orchestra from 1987 to 1994  ,  and of the czech philharmonic from 1998 to 2003  .
its left engine catches fire .
pakistan imposes curfew in rawalpindi .
we do not know who the militants are .
between 1970 and 1980  ,  18 , 148 koreans immigrated to canada  ,  and another 17 , 583 came in the 1990s  .
elive is a linux distribution based on debian for legacy ( old ) and commodity hardware  .
staff news: rebecca sinderbrand to be the fix managing editor .
by moving the guns from place to place during the battle  ,  formations of enemy soldiers could be broken up to be handled by the infantry wherever they were massing  ,  dramatically increasing the overall effectiveness of the infantry  .
yamamoto s main goal was to destroy america s carrier forces  ,  which he saw as the main threat to the pacific campaign  .
on may 18  ,  2008  ,  the minnesota state legislature passed a bill granting the city of bloomington the right to raise property and sales taxes to pay for the moa expansion  .
a chance to warm up with teas and herbal infusions .
the team will be together for one year .  however ,  a mission to mars will be even longer .
he then went to paris to study with nadia boulanger  ,  returning to the usa in 1935 where he directed the ballet caravan  .
virginia man arrested ,  charged with attempting to obstruct terrorism investigation .
havre boucher is a rural area  ,  largely dependent upon the fishing industry  ,  as well as serving as a service center for local communities  .
school bags distributed .
former prosecutor convicted of paying underage escort for sex .
the new number is a warning to lower your blood pressure .
vyvyan owns a yellow ford anglia  ,  with red flames painted along the sides  ,  and a glaswegian hamster named special patrol group ( `` spg  for short ) which he is very fond of  ,  even though spg is also often subjected to vyvyan s extreme violence  .
after visiting him  ,  however  ,  she was placed under house arrest and her mobile phone number was canceled  .
george washington university law school launches the cybersecurity law initiative .
we hope that you will like the game .
loudoun school board member allegedly cut in line at trump event ,  was arrested .
gold star khan family endorses tom perriello to be virginia’s governor .
it was found by stephen p .  synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5  ,  1979 and was given the designation s\/1979 j 2  .
her first four marriages ended in divorce  .
her academic education was limited to arithmetic  ,  her family genealogy  ,  grammar  ,  history  ,  reading  ,  and writing  .
see also : professional wrestling the main rivalry on the raw brand was between john cena and chris jericho  ,  with the two fighting over the world heavyweight championship  .
libreville is the capital city of gabon  .
sergei grigoryevich milnichenko ( russian : серге́й григо́рьевич мильниче́нко ; born on july 13  ,  1966 in tomsk  ,  russian sfsr  ,  ussr ) is an soviet and russian composer  ,  songwriter  ,  guitarist and record producer  .
pierce the veil is an post hardcore group formed in san diego  ,  california in 2007  .
ingrid reichel points out the perfect publication date  ,  just in time for the 150th anniversary of charles darwin s evolution theory  .
the females lay their eggs inside  ,  where the males fertilise them  .
at this time ,  he changes his name to muhammed ali .
tahrir square reopens to traffic .
the first european to arrive at williamstown was acting-lieutenant robbins  ,  who explored point gellibrand in 1803  .
in july 1515  ,  willaert worked for the cardinal ippolito i deste of ferrara  .
the queen s gambit is a chess opening which starts with 1  .
how to talk to your child about your serious illness .
american fabian johnson sets up both moenchengladbach goals in champions league defeat at manchester city .
the guardian is edited by alan rusbridger  .
homes you can buy for $3 million .
figueirense futebol clube  ,  also known as figueirense  ,  is a brazilian football team in florianópolis  ,  santa catarina  .
arc publishing works with sightline media group to relaunch nine websites .
sosúa is a dominican municipality in the puerto plata province  ,  on the north coast of the country  .
experts want to know the reason for this .
why the exit polls are wrong on latino votes .
president trump settles in for 17-day vacation at his secluded new jersey club .
a book of poems for children entitled mother goose s melody was published in england in 1781  ,  and the name `` mother goose  has been associated with children s poetry ever since  .
police foil bid to demolish hindu temple in nachole .
pohjola performed at new york clubs such as the blue note  ,  birdland  ,  the five spot  ,  smalls  ,  the jazz standard and visiones  .
writer c .  s .  lewis will be the next to be commemorated on 22 november 2013  ,  the fiftieth anniversary of his death  .
muslim women in syria are not cut out of inheritances .
polymers describe the bulk properties of polymer materials and belong to the field of polymer physics ( a part of physics )  .
he added 44 catches  ,  282 yards  ,  and two receiving touchdowns in 2007  .
in fact  ,  some of his paintings look like photos of the earth taken from space  .
in 1842 more parts of burke county and rutherford county were made into mcdowell county  .
the coastal zones are rich in fish that visit the norwegian sea from the north atlantic for spawning  .
katrina was then lowered into a tropical depression near clarksville  ,  tennessee and broke in half  .
melissa etheridge contributed wrote the movie s three songs  .
the 2006 commonwealth games were held in melbourne  ,  australia between 15 and 26 march 2006  .
army football took the field carrying the french flag .
liège is in the center of the golden triangle paris - amsterdam - frankfurt that handles 66 % of european freight  ,  75 % with london added  .

he was named one of the top 100 asians of the century by time magazine ( 1999 )  .
the term state church is used in context with christianity  ,  and is sometimes used for a specific national branch of christianity  .
mattis: ‘we are not winning in afghanistan , ’ new strategy is weeks away .
he also drinks too much alcohol ,  and he has sex with prostitutes .
the main tsunami raced across the pacific ocean and caused great damage to hilo  ,  hawaii  .
for example  ,  sulfasalazine  ,  in addition to its use as an antibiotic  ,  is also used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease  .
at the same time she got a royal licence ( permission from the monarch ) to join her father s and grandfather s surnames and become angela burdett-coutts  .
apparent military strike hits somali refugee vessel off yemen ,  killing dozens .
the heartbreakers reformed in 1979 for a few goodbye shows at max s kansas city with drummer ty stix replacing nolan  .
in 2000  ,  ford married renata brejniak  .
she said it was rich ,  successful and had the money to pay artists .
can you decipher these three abbreviations ?  .
police investigating suspicious death in silverton .
two israelis fatally shot in jerusalem during rampage by palestinian attacker .
well ,  that’s a bit of a surprise: matt wieters accepts orioles’ qualifying offer .
this famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty  .
it appeared in the upper devonian about 365 million years ago  ,  and was anatomically intermediate between lobe-finned fishes and the first tetrapods fully capable of coming onto land  .
she portrays danna biers  ,  a reporter with the fleet news service who works on a critical documentary about the crew of the galactica and is later revealed to be a cylon  .
ammurapi stresses the seriousness of the crisis faced by many near eastern states from invasion by the advancing sea peoples in a dramatic response to a plea for assistance from the king of alasiya ( cyprus ) : unfortunately for ugarit  ,  no help arrived and ugarit was burned to the ground at the end of the bronze age  .
gavin s father  ,  david arvizo  ,  visited neverland several times in 2000  .
people can use robocop to pay traffic fines ,  use other police services and talk to real police officers in a police station .
lyndon b .  johnson is the only president so far who could have served more than 8 years under this amendment  .
the final three  ,  part of a series called `` méthode des méthodes de piano  compiled by moscheles and fétis  ,  were composed in 1839 but with no opus number  .
french leader macron proposes big expansion of his counterterrorism powers .
bryan whitman ,  the pentagon official charged with stealing a nanny’s license plates ,  placed on leave .
a restaurant in italy won the 2016 worlds 50 best restaurants award .
one expert says that ‘super-stonehenge’ is important .  it can tell us more about stonehenge and the people then
even after iceland s union with norway  ,  the althing still held its meetings at thingvellir until 1799  ,  when it was stopped for 45 years  .
as ancient greece was the birthplace of the olympic games  ,  athens was an appropriate choice to stage the inaugural modern games  .
in london ,  there is a new exhibition .
in 1973  ,  the motion picture the sting brought ragtime to a wide audience with its soundtrack of joplin tunes  .
he became pharaoh after the death of amenhotep i .  during his reign  ,  he sent his armies into the levant and nubia  ,  pushing the borders of egypt further than ever before  .
it was pickford s first movie for united artists  .
seismic load is one of the basic concepts of earthquake engineering which means application of an earthquake-generated agitation to a building structure or its model  .
in munich ,  a man does a very bad thing .  he brings a gun to a shopping centre .
as a doctor  ,  she was one of the first to be against smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women  .
they come out finished and in little boxes .
there  ,  his professors were some of the greatest economists  ,  such as nobel prize winners james tobin and thomas schelling  ,  and he studied with arthur okun  .
high school teacher ,  student teamed up to steal beer ,  police say .
this news is from thailand .  there is a sect .
edward undertook a military flight in 1918 and gained a pilot s licence later  .
the fire stretches for 6 , 540 acres .
in 2009  ,  he won the 2009 chci chair s lifetime achievement award  .
woman ,  65 ,  dies in wreck south of baltimore .
father of boy killed by alligator at disney world says 2 gators involved in attack .
the parents were ready for her .
radial tires were introduced to the us market by rivals goodrich and michelin in the late 1960s  .
the scottish national party ( snp ) ( pàrtaidh nàiseanta na h-alba ; scottish ( scottis naitional pairtie ) is a centre-left political party in scotland  .
a superscalar cpu architecture implements a form of parallel computing called instruction-level parallelism inside a single processor which allows faster cpu throughput at the same clock rate  .
a british man is living in the usa .  he goes to a trump rally .
pakistan to release taliban leader mullah baradar .
smaller accidents like this happened in the past .
the scouts and raiders were formed in september of that year  ,  just nine months after the attack on pearl harbor  .
al hurricane ,  ‘godfather of new mexico music , ’ dies at 81 .
oppenheimer  ,  gioffre  ,  and robert christgau all share the opinion that hard again is muddy waters comeback album  .
on cusp of planned syria cease-fire ,  details on monitoring remain unclear .
since opening in may 1998  ,  the studio has been involved in the production of a number of successful movies  ,  including the matrix  ,  moulin rouge  !
he wrote the song in secrecy because cameron did not want any songs with singing in the movie  .
for this action  ,  both seanor and jones were awarded the medal of honor four months later on december 31  ,  1864  .
sunanda pushkar died an unnatural ,  sudden death ,  according to doctor .
republican leaders offer one-month spending bill .
she worked in the united states and several latin american countries  .
at just 2 . 25 metres ( 7 . 4 ft )  ,  80 centimetres tall ( 31 in )  ,  and weighing just 30 kilograms ( 66 lb )  ,  staurikosaurus was tiny in comparison to later theropods like megalosaurus  .
his father was arrested on several occasions for public drunkenness  ,  was refused communion by his church  ,  and eventually died in 1761  .
united airlines treated a passenger badly .
men should not wear jewellery: .
as of 2006  ,  there are 59 members  .
many students prefer to make their please ,  do my assignment requests at assigncode .
it happens near a stadium .  the stadium is in the north of the city .
in the 1870s  ,  after the crimean war  ,  the family moved to romania  .
now tilikum is ill .  it dies in january ,  2017
the dna tells them about the dark skin and blue eyes .  this is a surprise to the scientists
the lights go out on the republican party .
surprise was achieved by a combination of allies being overconfident  ,  focused on their own allied attack plans  ,  and not having good aerial reconnaissance  .
perus president faces impeachment over corruption allegations .
seeing that pompey s army was not advancing  ,  caesar s men  ,  without orders  ,  stopped to rest and regroup before continuing the charge  .
fire destroys cotati home .
cannibal corpse is an american death metal band  .
they were given burgh of barony status for the town at the end of the 15th century  .
the whale does not mind the people .
coming under an attack from almost two full squadrons  ,  kaga was hit by four or five bombs  ,  which caused heavy damage and starting fires that could not be put out  .
gravelly point should keep its historic name .
the adder  ,  vipera berus is a venomous viper that can be found throughout most of western europe and all the way to far east asia  .
the bundesverdienstkreuz ( federal cross of merit ) is officially called the verdienstorden der bundesrepublik deutschland ( order of merit of the federal republic of germany )  .
force india adopt fierce new look .
people also see a different type of jellyfish .
world population is estimated to have doubled in the course of the millennium to 30 million people  .
has a new project to help new fathers .
cecilia yip & chan kwok hei celebrate 25th anniversary .
simeon wright ,  witness to the abduction of his cousin emmett till ,  dies at 74 .
comcast’s stream tv service is sparking a controversy over the future of the internet .
new kind of dental profession slowly takes root .
man surrenders after allegedly shooting nick lachey’s employee in the face !  .
trump moves program on historically black colleges into the white house .
this was a magazine aimed at helping jews in saxony become part of the community  ,  as well supporting women s rights with articles on women s education and suffrage  .
edgar pierre jacobs was born in brussels in 1904  .
after this he returned to london determined to teach the cuban rumba  ,  sistema cubano  .
the station has recently been remodeled to accommodate the spanish high-speed train ave  ,  which began service on 20 february 2008  .
but in the specific case of the italian conquest of british somaliland  ,  the defeat ( that happened in spring 1941 ) was followed by nearly two years of italian guerrilla war in ethiopia  .
the earliest known humans to settle at goat rock beach were the native american coast miwok and pomo tribes  .
indians recall rhp carrasco to help tired bullpen .
three flu strains circulating in iowa .
while there  ,  he became an alcoholic  ,  got tuberculosis and spent a year in a sanitorium  .
researchers found that 81% of models were underweight .
doctors say that he will be ok .
dover is the capital city of the u . s .  state of delaware  .
the telescope takes very complicated pictures .  experts study them .
thepensters .
some modern scholars now think the league and the confederacy are different  .
turkish president rejects coup attempt ,  urges supporters to take to the streets .
we have a special calculator for english restart students .
virginia tech football blows past north carolina in a deluge .
virtual memory is the memory management technique which is a recent trend of technology used in computers  .
he currently holds the all time record for fifa world cup goals for the netherlands with 7  .
the students see it as a symbol of racist heritage .  after some protesting ,  they knock down the statue .
diesel price may be hiked by rs 3-5 a litre ,  lpg by rs 50 .
his father s parents came from norway and his mother s parents came from from sweden  .
in 2009-2010 these two same players dominated the classification with 122 points for ( 1st ) cartier  ,  110 points for blanchette 2nd and in addition 83 points for stéphanie séguin 4th  .
dover and kent county were deeply divided over the issue of slavery  ,  and the city was a `` stop  on the underground railroad  .
for me you’re only a little boy ,  like a hundred thousand other little boys .
on january 17  ,  2006  ,  world wrestling entertainment announced that prudius had signed a developmental deal and was sent to deep south wrestling  .
altarnun is a village and parish in cornwall  ,  united kingdom  ,  on the north-eastern edge of bodmin moor at grid reference sx 223 811  .
carly rae jepsen headed to broadway .
lady siren originally appears as an enemy  ,  however  ,  sir steele learns that she is in fact an ally  ,  and sir william mistook her for a witch  .
nimoy as spock
short toes are good for fighting .
sonny james ,  country hitmaker of ‘young love , ’ dies at 87 .
it costs £20
eagle rays feed on molluscs and crustaceans  ,  crushing their shells with their flattened teeth  ,  while devil rays and manta rays filter plankton from the water  .
juan martín del potro was the defending champion  ,  but chose not to compete this year  ,  after a wrist operation in may and only starting to practice again in august  .
children of older mothers have better language skills .
in canada  ,  charters are given by the provincial authorities  .
the winner will receive either a wwe championship match or a world heavyweight championship match at wrestlemania xxviii  .
highway 12 over white pass closed by slide .
guided tours into the strictly controlled areas of the park can be arranged on foot or by horse-drawn carriage  .
this was filmed on camera .
he was the first director of the wellcome trust sanger institute  ,  and is now chair of the institute for science  ,  ethics and innovation at the university of manchester  .
i only love another boy .
some customers exercise with them .  people in hanoi like to exercise in the streets .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
american airlines plans to hire 1 , 500 pilots .
longtime trump bodyguard to face questions about 2013 moscow trip .
why federal contractors are paid so much .
longtime obama aide amy brundage to leave white house in december .
why didn’t you come to visit me ?  the doctor asks .
two days later  ,  rear admiral shigematsu sakaibara ordered the execution of the 98 captured american workers  .
a limited budget and the effects of the depression limited the project  .
30 for an hour .
a man was born in 1765 .  he was born in france .
the information shows that hsbc helped its rich customers hide their money from the taxman .
the indian national team has won gold medals in summer olympic games  ,  including india has competed in many commonwealth games ; and india was the host country to the 2010 commonwealth games  .
the jet hits a market .
it is not in a public place .  you can see it later this year
he offered his thoughts to those who died .
federal judge rules that wisconsinites without id can sign affidavit to vote .
taylor swift finds it easy to keep her clothes on .
menotti took inspiration from hieronymus bosch s the adoration of the magi  ,  a painting in the metropolitan museum of art in new york city  .
she took the surname campbell from her mother s second marriage  .
a few beetles have large hind legs  ,  similar to those of grasshoppers  ,  which help the beetle to jump  .
charlotte is the biggest city in the state of north carolina and is one of the biggest cities in the united states  .
the tentacles are used to gather organic detritus from the water or substrate  ,  and are probably also function as gills  .
rory mcilroy wants to ‘change it up’ a bit for the 2016 masters .
in 1765  ,  all of the colonies worked together for the first time unified political aim when the stamp act congress ( meeting ) of representatives from across the thirteen colonies was held in new york city to write the declaration of rights and grievances  .
on july 3  ,  edge defeated john cena and rob van dam in a triple threat match to win the wwe championship  .
in 2003  ,  mtv2 called linkin park the sixth greatest band of the music video time and the third best band of the new millennium  ,  only beaten by oasis and coldplay  .
jeff gordon falls short in bid to end career with sprint cup title .
the sections in the box are in the shape of a cow .
davos man is nervous .  he should be .  .
prosecutors in colorado theater shootings hint they may want to search for additional evidence .
`` when we were making toy story  ,  pete docter claimed  ,  `` everybody came up to me and said that they totally believed that their toys came to life when they left the room  .
asimo also knows what’s around it .  it does not walk into things around it .
delta lea goodrem ( born 9 november 1984 ) is an australian actress and singer  .
the symphony was first performed in vienna s theater an der wien in 1808  .
the passengers take care of the baby .
in the 90s she had a short career as a professor of new technologies for communication at casper libero college of journalism in são paulo  .
worldcons present the hugo awards each year  .
they want to send a fake pastry into the stratosphere .  they use a big balloon .
new to the series as a playable character are toad  ,  boo  ,  and koopa kid  .
ricky ponting joins mumbai indians in advisory role .
a video game version of the movie was published in 2003 for the game boy advance \/ it had timon and pumbaa as the playable characters  .
it soon became a hereditary class  ,  sometimes with a right to bear a hereditary title and to have financial and other privileges  .
this comes just hours after another gaffe .  prime minister david cameron talks to the queen .  he says that afghanistan and nigeria are fantastically corrupt
the earth s ozone layer is supposed to protect people from the sun s harmful ultraviolet rays  ,  but in the 1970s  ,  scientists found out that some chemicals let out into the atmosphere makes the ozone turn into oxygen  ,  which means that more ultraviolet rays reach the earth  .
the islamic state is still on the rise .
after the people who spoke iroquoian came together as different tribes  ,  which were mostly in what is now central and upstate new york  ,  in the 16th century or earlier they came together in an group known today as the iroquois league  ,  or the `` league of peace and power   .
the oasis is another car .  it has a small garden in the dashboard
ashley parker joins the post’s politics staff .
flooding started across parts of the state in early december  .
aon plc director lester b .  knight purchases 30 , 000 shares (aon) .
french authorities identify third attacker from paris concert hall .
in 1854  ,  the town was elevated to the category military post and in 1858 it became a municipality of the santiago province  .
it is currently the second longest version of the show to have done so  ,  after the spanish version  .
if you need help in writing code in different programming languages ,  you can place an order and ask: do my homework to hire an expert who will help you achieve excellence for the right price .
it is the biggest snake in europe .
flamingos do not have to use their muscles a lot to stand on one leg .
there is not enough food in venezuela .  people are hungry .
skip yowell ,  co-founder of jansport sporting company ,  dies at 69 .
this happens in glasgow ,  scotland .
the yalukit-willam were part of the bunurong  ,  a language group of six clans along the coast from the werribee river  ,  to the mornington peninsula  ,  western port bay and wilsons promontory  .
other services within the parks  ,  such as guided walks and skiing tutorials  ,  are provided by other companies  ,  sometimes with help from the department  .
by the middle of the 14th century the long surcoat was replaced with the `` jupon  ( or `` gipon  )  .
while thomas e .  dewey was governor  ,  the state legislature established the state university of new york in 1948  .
the electric rays are a group of rays  ,  flattened cartilaginous fish with enlarged pectoral fins  .
by the late 20th century yoghurt had become a common food in america and colombo yogurt was sold in 1993 to general mills  ,  who stopped using the brand name in 2010  .
kentucky freshman skal labissiere is ruled eligible .
it will also be in hospitals .  it will smell diseases in people .
brenda song ( born march 27  ,  1988 ) is an american actress and singer  .
the finke river flows about 600 km to the western edge of the simpson desert in northern south australia  .
people do not understand him ,  but he sounds like obama .
bryce canyon national park is a national park in southwestern utah  .
catholic church long manus itok ol pipol ino save long asailam sika agrimen .
president trump outlines his national security strategy .
derek jeter and jeb bush-led group reportedly wins bidding for miami marlins .
after a large time of rain  ,  it will come out from the soil and lay eggs in water  .
mikael tariverdiev ( 15 august 1931  ,  tbilisi  ,  georgia - 24 june 1996  ,  sochi  ,  russia ) was a prominent soviet composer  .
a dog sets a new record ,  too .  his name is otto .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
in 1969  ,  he became assistant dean at stanford law school  ,  where he started the minority recruiting program and helped diversify the student body  .
loudoun supervisors approve $2 . 46 billion budget for fiscal 2017 .
these roads have a concrete median with a sentry box where police can stand guard and monitor traffic  .
it is also available as an oil ( marketed as either `` sichuan pepper oil  or `` hwajiaw oil  )  .
the southern end is at the toll plaza for new york state thruway ( i-87 ) exit 23  .
she retreats onto the cliff .  the rescue operation has to stop for the night .
temperatures in the northern hemisphere dropped by about 1 ° c in the year following the laki eruption  .
an artesian aquifer is trapped between rocks or clay which causes the pressure  .
maryland officials sue builder behind planned muslim retirement community .
the hugo award is an award given each year for the best science fiction or fantasy works of the previous year  .
orders for durable goods fall 4% in june ,  the largest drop since 2014 .
the district is twinned with the district is led by a landrat  .
japan and south korea sign long-awaited intelligence-sharing deal .
two great climbers come to kathmandu .  kathmandu is the capital of nepal .  both climbers return from mount everest .
people can soon check their mental health online .
for this action  ,  he was presented the medal of honor four months later on december 31  ,  1864  .
sejanus had served the imperial family for almost twenty years when he became praetorian prefect in ad 15  .
some special dishes are prepared and eaten at the occasion  ,  like dango and bento  ,  and it s common for sake to be drunk as part of the festivity  .
hundreds of current ,  former epa employees urge senate to reject trump’s nominee for the agency .
it became a `` municipium  ( a type of roman city ) in the roman age  .
the adult orangutans are fine ,  but baby orangutans have problems .  doctors help them
in 2002  ,  cygnet books published the legend of moondyne joe  ,  by mark greenwood and pictures by frané lessac  .
around 30 animals escape .  they’re in the streets of the city .
the king received a royal welcome in san francisco  .
on february 20 1922 after an elections  ,  the whole area was attached to poland  ,  with the city as the capital of the wilno voivodship ( wilno being the name of vilnius in polish )  .
parents of madeleine mccann optimistic of finding her .
paul mccartney said : `` the only arguments were about things like me spending three days on maxwell s silver hammer  .
our campaign rhetoric is more disconnected than ever from reality .
in reality  ,  the congressmen that were together in tucumán declared the independence of the united provinces of south america  .
supreme court seems to favor miami suing banks whose lending practices led to neighborhood blight .
thousands of california voters mistakenly list affiliation with party ,  survey finds .
senior advisor recommends merging ns and prorail .
people run and have fun at the same time .
brazil’s president formally accused of corruption .
these depend on applying mathematically rigorous serial numbers and serial number arithmetic the term `` serial number  is also used in military formations as an alternative to the expression `` service number   .
the first car moves and runs him over .  in total ,  three cars hit the man .
a car loses control .
will champion joined as a drummer and backup vocalist who plays various instruments  ,  making the band s lineup complete  .
the large subunit has a 5s rna ( 120 nucleotides )  ,  a 28s rna ( 4700 nucleotides )  ,  a 5 . 8 s rna ( 160 nucleotides ) subunits and 46 proteins  .
some people don’t like it .  one man gets angry .
a fire on august 25 1782 destroyed most of the town  ,  but it was immediately rebuilt  .
it was first performed at snape maltings near aldeburgh  ,  england on june 16  ,  1973  .
dom-2 broadcasts on the tnt channel at 11 pm every day  .
donald zackary `` zack  greinke ( born october 21  ,  1983 in orlando  ,  florida ) is a major league baseball ( mlb ) pitcher for the los angeles angels of anaheim  .
the baby elephant is learning how to be an elephant .  she eats adult food .
something damaged the blimp .  it falls to the ground
`` rolling in the deep  is a song by english singer-songwriter adele  .
jonathan ke quan ( born august 20  ,  1971 as ke huy quan ) is a vietnamese-american former child actor  .
affordable housing project in romania changes owners .
it is the first movie by maan s home production company  ,  sai productions  .
they may look like mice  ,  rats  ,  voles  ,  or hamsters  ,  depending on the species and subfamily  .
in january 2003  ,  batista joined with triple h  ,  ric flair  ,  and randy orton to form the group evolution  .
he gets out of the car .
these creatures faced extinction .  the endangered species act saved them .  .
the art institute owns one of the world s best collections of impressionist and post-impressionist art  .
using the slip stroke  ,  moore was deadly accurate  ,  but could also shoot with great power  .
it looks like a whale .
it includes the valleys of the matanuska river  ,  the knik river  ,  and the susitna river  .
this stopped the newcastle coal trade and allowed the sunderland coal trade to grow  .
gadsden county is the only majority african american county in florida  .
by 1685 he was one of the private musicians of james ii  .
having found success in europe  ,  the band set their sights on north america  ,  released the album there in november 2000  ,  and started the u . s .  club tour in february 2001  .
on this website ,  you can work on your reading skills .  you can meet new people .
there is a gang in the building .  the gang forges passports .
if women worked more ,  they would get a voucher .  they could use this to pay for help with the housework .
more specifically  ,  marx defined the value of a commodity as the socially necessary labor time required to produce it  ,  the average ( taken across all of society ) time required to produce a given commodity under the average conditions of production  .
one hundred dollars for one visit ?  it is expensive for me .
buyers should be wary of houses that are marketed as energy-efficient .
donald trump is hardly churchillian .
this news is about a robot .  it looks like a woman .
the title of this episode is a play on both the song ` round midnight by thelonious monk and the movie of the same also about an unhappy jazz musician  .
it also finalized the sale of greater southeast community hospital ( now united medical center ) in a public-private partnership that kept the facility open for patients east of the anacostia river  .
he currently stars in community  ,  which premiered in fall 2009  .
the dead people were migrants .  they were from myanmar and bangladesh .  they wanted to live in thailand .
republican senators show little urgency to pass law protecting mueller .
harvard’s revocation of admission offers is no attack on free speech .
the window washer is seriously injured .  he is moved to hospital
the buzz: beacon roofing supply acquires dallas-based company .
they also have too much of a chemical that makes food tastier .
power to 1 , 500 d . c .  customers cut when vehicle hits utility pole .
in 1874  ,  jacobus henricus van  t hoff and joseph le bel discovered the difference was caused by the way that the atoms bonded to carbon in a tetrahedral ( four faced ) shape  .
2011 ipc world athletics championships in christchurch in the marathon where he finished fourth  .
the island is 22 miles ( 35 km ) long and eight miles ( 13 km ) wide  .
tyson  ,  who did not escape the ship in time  ,  is presumed dead the until it is learned that he was saved by a hippocampus named rainbow  .
luxury condo building to rise in d . c . ’s west end .
this news is from the usa .  americans are not happy with representation .
some of melbourne’s men do not think the same .
the united mexican states ( spanish : estados unidos mexicanos ) is a federal republic formed by 32 federal entities ( spanish : entidades federativas ) ( 31 states and 1 federal district )  .
the 2002-03 season was manchester city s last at maine road  .
the united nations estimated in its report that 1 . 5 million people were `` severely affected  by this cyclone  .
the victor is the participant who earns the most points  ,  determined by a panel of judges  ,  for leaps  ,  balances  ,  pirouettes  ,  flexibilities  ,  apparatus handling  ,  execution  ,  and artistic effect  .
what will you do with the money ? the man thought for a minute and said ,  i think that i will go get a driving license .
they do not exist in the newtonian theory of gravitation  ,  in which physical interactions propagate at infinite speed  .
jeff bagwell ,  tim raines ,  ivan rodriguez voted into baseball hall of fame .
retirements of veteran republicans fuel gop fears of losing house majority .
in the village ,  there are 43 houses and cottages ,  a pub ,  a petrol station and a mansion house with 21 bedrooms .  people rent all of the houses in this village .
indian call center employees posing as the irs may have bilked americans out of millions .
house to vote on allowing sept .  11 victims to sue saudi arabia .
my usa today op ed criticizing trump’s proposed parental leave mandate .
police announce reopening of tetralna subway station in kyiv .
the code covers three places : manchester  ,  salford  ,  and sale  .
why the youth should vote .
french truck drivers protest in calais ,  call for dismantling of ‘jungle’ migrant camp .
otto frank found an apartment on the merwedeplein ( merwede square ) in amsterdam  .
when other showmen heard this rumor  ,  they rushed in to offer nutt s parents huge sums of money to be the first to sign their son  .
she needs the operations before she is two years old .
he is shown as as a villainous selfish oil baron with psychopathic tendencies  ,  who is constantly plotting subterfuges to plunder his foes and their wealth  .
this is the best picture of him which i later was able to make .
local roundup: anti-semitic graffiti investigated in the district .
the work of williams in this area  ,  with w . d .  hamilton  ,  john maynard smith and others  ,  led to the development of a gene-centered view of evolution  .
it is rumored that `` lovely rita  influenced the song `` pow r .  toc h .   found on their first album  ,  `` the piper at the gates of dawn   .
multi deuces wild video poker .
people ?  i believe that there are six or seven of them .
he draws vladimir putin ,  nelson mandela ,  and pope francis .
mortgage rates move higher for the seventh week in a row .
some people think that humans are not good food for great white sharks  ,  because the sharks  digestion might be too slow to cope with the human body s high ratio of bone to muscle and fat  .
pole jumping competitions were known to the ancient greeks  ,  as well as the cretans and celts  .
white house fence jumper gets three years’ probation .
florida prospect aaron thompson commits to maryland football .
they worry what will happen to them when they grow up
this is in 1968 .
argument between employees leads to stabbing at supermarket in nw d . c .  .
guatemala has become the world s largest producer and exporter of cardamom  ,  with an export total of us$ 137 . 2 million for 2007  .
10 quick recipes made with farmers market produce .
michelle jaconi named an executive producer for washington post video .
it shows people two cars ,  a rolls-royce and a mini .
after being bought by the lynton and barnstaple railway company in 1995  ,  restoration of the station began  ,  and it opened as a visitors  centre in 2003  .
it rains a lot in east china .  the rain causes flash flooding .
joy-anna duggar welcomes baby nearly four months after marrying austin forsyth .
after that  ,  he only left haarlem for a short time  ,  in 1572  ,  to go to amsterdam because the spanish had invaded haarlem  .
over 98 , 000 unaccompanied children tried to enter other countries .
two thousand five hundred needles are put in her back .
the protesters want new elections for their president .  the people fight with police .
on 1 april 1974 the local government act 1972 came into force  .
suntech files for bankruptcy protection in us .
marcus johansson unlikely to play against panthers .
on 15 october 1914  ,  immediately after the start of the war  ,  the icrc set up its international prisoners-of-war ( pow ) agency  .
the highest place in the world to have a wi-fi hotspot is mount everest .
the principality is located 517 kilometres ( 321 mi ) north of perth  ,  near the town of northampton  .
his life was always interesting .  it was not his ambition to live this long
and in 1861 parts of burke county  ,  caldwell county  ,  mcdowell county  ,  watauga county  ,  and yancey county were made into mitchell county  .
olympia is the county seat of thurston county  .
connecticut belongs to the north american atlantic region  .
two leicester players won awards in england .
most butterflies on the other hand form an exposed pupa called a chrysalis  .
indeed  ,  as a result of drainage and the subsequent shrinkage of the peat fens  ,  many parts of the fens now lie below the average sea level  .
queen mary  ,  using her extensive knowledge of history and royal protocol to advise and support her husband on matters of state  .
stock market closed for the holidays .
sir winston churchill is on the note .
`` after 20 years of power  ,  now i want my freedom back   ,  he was quoted as saying  .
rabbi max ticktin ,  yiddish and hebrew literature professor at gwu ,  dies at 94 .
it has a fish and an octopus .  the shop owners are unhappy about this .
it can currently be seen in the musée dorsay  .
the every student succeeds act will fail children .
judge hears arguments in bradley election lawsuit .
liv tyler ( born july 1  ,  1977 ) is an american actress and former model  .
he was the grandson of martha washington through her first husband  ,  john parke custis  .
it took place on march 14  ,  2004 at madison square garden in new york  .
i had only enough drinking water for a week .
the term originally referred to the trojan asteroids orbiting around jupiter s lagrangian points  ,  which are by convention named after figures from the trojan war of greek mythology  .
thayil later contributed guitar tracks to steve fisk s 2001 album 999 levels of undo  ,  as well as dave grohl s side-project album probot  ,  released in 2004  .
have you thought about how the sun sounds ?  scientists studied 20 years of data to try to find out .
u . s .  unlikely to meet trump’s deportation targets anytime soon ,  figures show .
in a big flood water from the finke river can flow into the macumba river  ,  and then into lake eyre  ,  a total distance of about 750 km  .
it helps her work better .  some people think that they are on holiday
leesburg residents push back against plan to sell westpark golf course .
john michael wright  ,  who would later sign himself `` anglus  or `` scotus   ,  is of uncertain origin  .
dietitian to vegan athletes: ‘just eat a lot more’ to fuel your body .
the most widely accepted chronology of the great oxygenation event suggests that oxygen was first produced by photosynthetic organisms ( prokaryotic  ,  then eukaryotic ) that emitted oxygen as a waste product  .
many of its codecs are provided by the libavcodec codec library from the ffmpeg project  ,  but it uses mainly its own muxer and demuxers  .
poll: trump recovers slightly in va .  but still trails clinton by double digits .
maryland regulators greenlight two major offshore wind projects .
hundreds of people are injured .  millions of homes have no power .
later  ,  he toured europe and north africa for a year and returned for a year to his native finland  .
winslow s brother gilbert and family servant george soule and a youth  ,  elias story went with him  .
each of the eight round uses six sub-keys  ,  while the half-round uses four ; for a total of 52 sub-keys  .
fantasy football must sit: philip rivers against the broncos .
the beetle can live in very dry deserts .
kanye west takes himself too seriously .
another leak was general charles de gaulle s radio message after d-day  .
then the criminals drive away .  they leave the digger near the shop .
how to remove rust stains from metal chairs .
a person on the schooner henrietta who saw it wrote that spears flew very thick  ,  and about 30 men were wounded  .
people are trying to save children from a broken school
trump administration reverses under legal pressure ,  requires measuring greenhouse gases from cars and trucks .
manning played college football for the university of tennessee before he played professional football  .
‘cold-stunned’ sea turtles are flown from cape cod to florida .
yerma ,  una obra en español del teatro gala ,  arrasó en premios helen hayes .
although marie adélaîde was much in love with her orléans cousin  ,  louis xv warned penthièvre against such a marriage because of the reputation of the young duke of chartres as a womaniser  .
it is full of gold and silver .  the ship sinks .
there are five buddhist rules .  you must not break these rules .
payday loans apply by phone .
this news is from great britain .
head of d . c .  national guard to be removed from post in middle of inauguration .
the cartoon characters interact directly with human beings  .
rob kardashian posting nude chyna pics probably did not violate revenge porn law  .
the building houses the library for the town town and a hall  .
the romans were known to use waterwheels extensively in mining projects  ,  with enormous roman-era waterwheels found in places like modern-day spain  .
nakhchivan became part of the safavid dynasty of persia in the sixteenth century  .
they wear facekinis to protect their faces .
cyril hubert marie bourlon de rouvre is a french businessman and politician born the 19th of december 1945 at boulogne-billancourt  .
thanatos  sisters  ,  keres  ,  where the spirits of violent death  ,  they where connected with deaths from battle  ,  disease  ,  accident  ,  and murder  .
kevin spacey apologizes to actor for alleged sexual advances .
the advanced light source s current director is roger falcone  .
times square is in new york .
putin thanks trump for cia intel that foiled a planned terrorist attack in russia .
eric arthur blair was born on 25 june 1903  ,  in india  .
he was chosen to be the flag-bearer for the australian team at the opening ceremony at the 2000 sydney olympics  .
santons are small figures .  people make them from clay .
on 15 october 1810  ,  at hyde park  ,  wentworth won the first official horse races on australian soil  .
waimea  ,  on the island s southwest side and once the capital of kauai  ,  was the first place visited by explorer captain james cook in 1778  .
com .
man fatally shot in northeast washington .
after graduation  ,  tuberculosis caused him to move to the crimean peninsula on the northern coast of the black sea in 1855  .
cartilage acts as a barrier  ,  preventing the entry of lymphocytes or diffusion of immunoglobulins  .
search warrants show harrowing scene inside home where reston couple was slain .
in the state of kerala  ,  roe is deep fried in coconut oil and is a delicacy  .
suseok ( 수석 ) is the korean term for small naturally occurring or shaped rocks which are traditionally valued  .
the confederacy broke up after the defeat of the british and allied iroquois nations in the american revolutionary war  .
a large group of people break this record in spain .
between these two styles is the transitional style  ,  and this is the way the nave was built  .
jimmy carter met herman while campaigning in atlanta  ,  georgia  ,  and after becoming president in 1977  ,  picked her to be director of the labor department s women s bureau  .
a man is in a park in mexico .  it is a beautiful park .
many people from different backgrounds want to help on nasas journey to mars .
kassite kings established trade and diplomacy with assyria  ,  egypt  ,  elam and the hittites  .
sonny perdue ,  trump’s usda nominee ,  to testify in senate confirmation hearing .
the chocolate chip cookie was the accidental invention of ruth graves wakefield  .
the snrna component of the snurp is specific to individual introns because it ` recognizes  the sequences of critical signals at the ends and branch sites of introns  .
trope pages are the opposite of articles on works : after describing the trope  ,  it lists the trope s appearances in different media  .
orlando figueroa ( b .  september 9  ,  1955 ) was born in san juan  ,  puerto rico  .
tribunals fail to dispose of election petitions .
most of the films were directed and co-written by blake edwards  .
he had served as egypt s minister of state for foreign affairs from 1977 until early 1991  .
venezuela’s opposition holds its biggest protests in years .  will they change anything ?  .
they originated from a breakup of asteroid-like objects  ,  2003 eh1 and 3200 phaethon  ,  respectively  ,  about 500 and 1000 years ago  .
in 1946 the trustees selected works for entry  ,  instead of displaying all the entries  .
some special pages depend on the preferences that have been set by a user  ,  e . g .  the number of titles which is showed on a user s watchlist  .
elon musk has opened a gym for robots ,  called openai gym .
the extinct megatoothed shark  ,  c .  megalodon is by far the biggest and most powerful shark that ever lived  .
edward earl `` eddie  hazel ( april 10  ,  1950 - december 23  ,  1992 ) was an american guitarist  .
she was one of a popular talent show contestants  ,  k-pop star which the judges was the big three ( sm  ,  yg  ,  jyp )  .
the taiping rebellion was a civil war in china from 1850 to 1864  .
it contains : the dvd includes a live concert in the bands hometown chicago  .
the police find the man .  it is not the first time that he steals something .
it is in the southwest .  capital punishment is legal there .
melissa joan catherine hart ( born april 18  ,  1976 ) is an american actress  .
anacostia river again receives failing grades from environmental group .
horse & country tv launches tv everywhere with simplestream .
the birds of america is a book by naturalist and painter john james audubon  .
telenor to sell 30 million sim cards in eight months .
avatar : the last airbender ( in europe known as avatar : the legend of aang ) is an american animated television series that aired for three seasons on nickelodeon  .
now ,  the dress is for sale in california .
mellon foundation awards a $30 million challenge grant to national gallery of art .
his mother  ,  jean ferguson paterson  ,  had been a schoolteacher before her marriage  .
u . s .  ,  south korean troops recognized for rescuing north korean defector .
a new model is coming out later this year
in 2004  ,  the station was given an award to show how safe the station was  .
ed miliband pelted with eggs during campaign stop .
much more is known about the subsequent fall in phenotype frequency  ,  because it was measured with moth traps  .
an air-travel company says singapore to kuala lumpur is the busiest international air route .
christian gentner ( born 14 august 1985 in nürtingen  ,  baden-württemberg ) is a german footballer  .
jean-michel vernhes  ,  born in 1950 at mazamet  ,  is a french aerospace engineer and businessman  .
new crisis for flint residents: cost of home damage caused by city water .
supreme court justice antonin scalia dies at 79 .
they have taken that to a new level .
hillary clinton and i are done .
scalding starbucks tea disfigured a woman and killed her dog ,  lawsuit says .
russian lugers won silver in team relay competition .
to fly  ,  a beetle opens the elytra and then extends the hindwings  ,  flying while still holding the elytra open  ,  though some beetles in the families scarabaeidae and buprestidae can fly with the elytra closed  .
more than 7 , 000 migrants live in that half of the camp .
top two placed teams advanced to the semifinals note :
many of his articles appeared in a journal called neue zeitschrift für musik ( new journal for music ) which he started  .
he said it threatens human rights .
about 400 of them live in zoos .
two arrested in lee county on drug charges .
police still don’t know the man’s name .
a regular market has taken place on thursdays for more than 700 years  .
bryce harper wins first career silver slugger award .
potomac yard metro station delayed again ,  now likely to open in 2021 .
bill o’reilly compared a black congresswoman’s hair to a ‘james brown wig’ .
the game is played either in classic style  ,  with the wii remote held horizontally  ,  or in nunchuk style  .
with the opening of a big gold mine  ,  by the port phillip and colonial mining company  ,  the town s population grew to over 6 , 000 people in the late 1880s  .
the united states grand prix was dropped from the formula one calendar starting in 2008  .
he traveled to tacuarembó  ,  but was ambushed by federales troops  .
kung fu panda holiday  ,  also known as kung fu panda holiday special  ,  is a 2010 american television special  ,  based on the kung fu panda franchise  .
ted cruz finally says what he’d do about undocumented immigrants .
she can live a full and normal life now .
klamath falls ( \/ ˈklæməθ \/ klam-əth ) is a city in klamath county  ,  oregon  ,  united states  .
he was made people s artist of russia in 1986  .
it was built for the main purpose of transporting commodities from the interior to the port in kota kinabalu during the british occupation  .
as chair of the committee on local government  ,  he has supported far-reaching amendments to strengthen the role of local government units ( lgus ) in national development  .
returning to istanbul  ,  enver largely blamed the armenians living in the region for actively siding with the russians  .
dahlström gained international attention in 1998  ,  after starring as `` elin  in the movie fucking åmål  .
take the fight to the nra .
aleppo evacuation thrown into chaos with thousands still stranded .
apple reaches deal to bring iphone to china mobile .
swedish athletes have a total of 475 medals at the summer olympic games  ,  and another 118 at the winter olympic games  .
the holy see  ,  not the vatican city  ,  maintains diplomatic relations with states ( such as with the united kingdom )  ,  and participates in international organizations  .
june 21st is also the summer solstice .  it is the day that is the longest in the northern hemisphere .  millions of people celebrate on yoga day .
in 1978 he started tenzing norgay adventures  ,  a company providing trekking adventures in the himalaya  .
plant breeders have produced annual cultivars of several biennials that will flower the first year from seed  ,  e . g .  foxglove  ,  stock  ,  and hollyhock  .
each hour ,  people play 30 , 000 scrabble games around the world .
he has many operations for more than his ear .  he also has them for his skin and cheeks .
snow expected to return to moscow region over the weekend .
saudi crown prince receives kuwaiti anti-corruption delegation .
the king of bahrain is the monarch and head of state of bahrain  .
montgomery county soccer coach is charged with sexual abuse of a minor .
the leaders of russia and china congratulated mr trump .
the moomins is a tv series .  there are many moomin fans in japan .
gor mahia stretch their lead .
all who opposed and\/or threatened the ustaše were outlawed  .
officials put more security measures in place at australian airports
u . s .  marine convicted of killing transgender filipina .
there is in the island one antenna of the five that assist in the operation of the global positioning system ( gps ) navigational system ( others are on kwajalein island  ,  diego garcia  ,  colorado springs and hawaii )  .
her wedding is there .
a hasty generalization made from a single example is sometimes called the `` fallacy of the lonely fact  or the `` proof by example fallacy   .
amtrak engineer in fatal crash tested positive for marijuana ,  ntsb says .
chair of board who ousted d . c .  government watchdog: decision wasn’t political .
by the 1930s  ,  the boston post had grown to be one of the largest newspapers in the country  ,  with well over a million readers  .
now known as opera  ,  the internet browser has become very popular  .
it is at the western edge of a conurbation consisting of camborne  ,  pool and redruth  .
gusty morning showers ,  thunder possible with strong cold front on thursday .
her torture and murder were described by the prosecutor in baniszewski s trial as `` the most terrible crime ever committed in the state of indiana   .
verdict for bo xilai to be announced on sunday .
seven more teams clinch district 11 playoff berths .
not everyone likes xiaomi .
it began on july 19 as a weather system away from the southeast u . s .  coast  .
there is an election in egypt .  people choose their future president .
during a telephone interview  ,  a member of the nobel foundation told hurwicz and his wife that hurwicz is the oldest person ever to win the nobel prize  .
anderson died in panama on the 8th march  ,  1941  ,  at the age of 64  .
both information is from summer 2013 .  there are 30 , 000 flights across europe every day .
bernie sanders is not president obama .
evolutionary psychologists argue that much of human behavior is the result of adaptations which evolved to solve recurrent problems in human ancestral environments  .
comedian jimmy carr returning to grays in march .
they move to a dome .  this dome is near a volcano .
in the game  ,  the player plays as mario  ,  who is chasing donkey kong through a toy factory after donkey kong stole many mini-mario toys  .
outside the tavern  ,  two men are killed and hercules goes to see what happened  .
victoria coren mitchell ( born 18 august 1972 ) is a british journalist  ,  television presenter and poker player  .
according to kojiki and nihonshoki  ,  seinei was a son of emperor yūryaku  .
kim soo hyun ,  ``even if i had 10 bodies ,  it would not be enough .
open all hours is a british television sitcom written by roy clarke  .
dill ( anethum graveolens ) is a short-lived annual herb that is often used as a spice  ,  to make food taste better  .
her owners put her down .
iranian government hands harsh prison sentences to american citizens born in iran .
the three largest airline alliances are star alliance  ,  skyteam  ,  and oneworld  .
the art and science of firework making developed into an independent profession  .
toyota announced their plans to join f1 in 1999  ,  and after a long time testing with their tf101 car  ,  the team raced for the first time in 2002  .
he played college football for the university of michigan wolverines  .
it is the constraint imposed in the early 1990s : the design and implementation of the new cycle for air traffic controllers  .
the main feud heading into wrestlemania on the raw brand was between triple h and batista for the world heavyweight championship  .
vienna is the capital of austria .  there is an accident near vienna .
the government of the cape verde islands gave out tropical storm warnings at the same time with the issuance of the first advisory on tropical depression four  ,  meaning tropical storm conditions were expected in the area within 24 hours  .
the airport is managed by sydney airport corporation limited ( sacl )  .
two new hotels at aberdeen airport to create 170 jobs .
each hole is filled with a pin that can slide back and forth and the screen is lit by the two vertical sides  ,  allowing the pins to cast their shadow on the screen  .
the last close approach was in 1996  ,  at 15 . 1 gm  ,  almost 40 times as far as the moon  .
the success of the guitar hero and rock band franchises widened the console video game market and its demographics  ,  with the popularity of the music game driving increased sales of consoles  .
mr obama will not say sorry for the bombing .
the house was deposed ( removed ) from the brazilian throne  ,  in 1889  ,  when brazil was proclaimed a republic  .
a new television contract with viacom led to a wwf change in the broadcast  .
at least 12 dead as truck rams crowd in berlin christmas market .
mike francesa says he’s done at wfan when his contract is up .
it was extremely wide at the rear but had a narrow snout  .
sergio garcia hits ball into marshal’s pocket at ryder cup .
d . c .  police identify man killed in crash at thomas circle .
convicted sex offender posed as d . c . school employee ,  drove school bus for a week .
people destroy the bombs .
it lies to the south of newcastle upon tyne  ,  chester-le-street and sunderland and to the north of darlington  .
drug traffickers often buy these passports
because of the bombs ,  people protest .
it wants animals ,  birds and fish to return .
it is the first direct train from china to england .
however  ,  mykolaiv is a city of oblast subordinance  ,  thus being subject directly to the oblast authorities rather to the raion administration housed in the city itself  .
a photo of a mummy has gone viral because it seems to have adidas boots .
yelp users trash trump hotels after ‘shithole’ comments .
people must stop the meeting .  they plan it for later
sure ,  ‘the arrangement’ is totally fictional .
hillary clinton can’t bring herself to read donald trump’s quote about dating his daughter .
it won the tony award for best musical  .
after this  ,  the sources focus upon his cruelty  ,  extravagance  ,  and sexual perversity  ,  presenting him as an insane tyrant  .
the killers have iphones .  the fbi investigates the killers .
in september of 1999  ,  she released a second single called `` strong woman   .
maryland will use marc fare revenue to pay purple line debt ,  officials say .
this news is about the migrant camp the jungle .  this camp is in calais ,  france .
the chinese developed the practice of variolation following a smallpox epidemic around 1000 bc  .
if jarring females kindle strife  .  .  .  these poems do not prove that the punishment took place at the time they were written  .
on may 14  ,  2006  ,  paul marco died after a battle with hip problems and chronic illness  .
some other kinds of paper clips use two pieces  .
in most modern general purpose cpus  ,  one or more fpus are integrated inside the cpu ; however many embedded microcontrollers  ,  especially older designs  ,  do not have hardware support for floating point operations  .
after world war ii  ,  a court-martial case was prepared against ex-ss hauptsturmführer max list  ,  citing atrocities on alderney  .
people do not like this .  they protest against the police .
she falls 300 metres .
his father  ,  richard walmesley blair  ,  worked in the indian civil service  .
the counts of tusculum were influential figures in roman politics and religion for more than a century  .
she has a lighter .  she sets the petrol pump on fire .
the person cannot move because of this .  however ,  this problem is changing .
a movie expert said: no one saw this coming .
in the 1830s  ,  at the peak of the canal-building era  ,  hydropower was used to transport barge traffic up and down steep hills using inclined plane railroads  .
russian envoy: evacuation deal reached for last rebel zones in syria’s ravaged aleppo .
tree impersonator nabbed in portland ,  maine .
in january 1969  ,  phelps held a meeting at pennsylvania university to support the research on inflation and employment  .
usually there are many presents ,  a lot of good food and christmas songs .
nelson  ,  who wanted to keep the song simple  ,  chose the microphone which had a fuller sound for the mixing  .
in excavations of persopolis a text about to the activities of a treasury were discovered  .
nobody would die for you .
daraprim is an anti-malarial drug .

the cocktails at miracle on seventh street are seriously good .
fifty years ago ,  her husband made it .
it covers an area of 120 m x 75 m ( 9000 square meters  ,  or 0 . 9 hectares ) and has now become part of the city of nagasaki  .
why this professor is wearing a bulletproof vest to class .
he applied to the presidential elections committee ; by 6 august 2005 three more people had also submitted forms  ,  but on 13 august the committee said that the other three applicants had been rejected as unsuitable  .
notre dame announces partnership with under armour .
some reports show that the remnants of eight became tropical depression ten  .
virginia school worksheet that identified kkk as ‘right wing’ pulled after complaints .
the islands were first seen in 1506 by portuguese explorer tristan da cunha ( portuguese : tristão da cunha )  ,  but he did not go to land because rough seas  .
some petty crime such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are reported especially in the old market areas ( souks )  .
he made about fifty recordings as a bandleader  ,  and appeared on many other albums  ,  for example with trumpeter miles davis and pianist thelonious monk  .
they are angry .  the government wants to spend less money .
in 1995  ,  world championship wrestling ( wcw ) began showing its new wrestling show  ,  monday nitro  ,  live each week on tnt  .
early christian writings use the word to refer to the will of god  ,  the human will  ,  and even the will of god s opponent  ,  the devil  .
in the battle against ozai  ,  sokka  ,  his girlfriend suki  ,  and toph destroyed a fire nation airship and use it to destroy others of its kind while aang duels with the phoenix king ( ozai )  .
nearly 1 , 000 iraqis killed in september: .
paraphyletic and polyphyletic taxa often represent evolutionary grades  .
three pools of black workers and job applicants granted class status in discrimination suit against metro .
it was the top scripted show among adults aged 18-49 for the week it was broadcast  .
a team of egyptian archaeologists spent six years digging to find the mummies .
the galapagos islands are home to hundreds of endemic species .
ew wylie to celebrate 75th anniversary .
in 1988  ,  chayanne released another self-titled album  .
supreme court won’t revive obama plan to shield illegal immigrants from deportation .
untreated  ,  chlamydial infections can cause serious reproductive and other health problems with both short-term and long-term consequences  .
dubai cares extends education to over 1 . 2 million children in 2013 .
in lincoln at gettysburg  ,  garry wills notes the similarity between lincoln s speech and pericles s funeral oration during the peloponnesian war ( james mcpherson and gore vidal also note this )  .
they were going to play against each other as nigel being neat fastidious while gerald being scruffy and sloppy  .
charles hardin holley or buddy holly ( september 7  ,  1936 - february 3  ,  1959 ) was an american rock and roll singer  ,  songwriter  ,  and musician  .
we need to know if mental health problems cause internet addiction .
amazon to buy whole foods market in deal valued at $13 . 7 billion .
the bonobo lives for about 40 years in captivity  ,  though its lifespan in the wild is unknown  .
if the dose is increased  ,  the symptoms include nausea  ,  drowsiness  ,  breathing problems  ,  amnesia  ,  unconsciousness and death  .
shampoo removes bacteria and cleans the extra oil from your head .  the clinic said shampoo is good for greasy hair .
santa is a fat ,  happy man with a white beard .
it protects a wide range of cultural heritage places and objects  ,  including : heritage victoria is part of the department of planning and community development  ,  a department of the government of victoria  ,  australia  .
nikodinov coached bulgarian figure skater ivan dinev in the 2005-2006 season  .
quality of life is considerably enhanced by improving and maintaining a good range of motion in the joints  .
the ultra series is one of the tokusatsu superhero productions from japan  ,  along with kamen rider series  ,  super sentai series  ,  and the metal hero series  .
when her husband died in october 1637  ,  she was created regent in the name of her son francis hyacinth who succeeded her husband  .
pepe jeans london opens store in turin .
students ‘horrified’ about coach with white nationalist ties ,  school says .
a charity films a video .  it shows a dairy farm .
the band has two singers : paula vesala and mira luoti and three musicians mikko virta  ,  juho vehmanen and heikki kytölä  .
prince george’s county police name officer who shot 19-year-old .
thalia s tree  ,  the tree which serves as the magical border of camp half-blood  ,  is mysteriously poisoned  .
lancaster is a city in grant county  ,  wisconsin  ,  united states  .
the appendix is near the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine  .
woman left baby in car for nearly 30 minutes ,  police say .
the reading room closed in 1999 to allow for renovation  ,  during which dome s windows were put back  .
at high temperatures  ,  the level of relative humidity needed to make the heat index higher than the actual temperature is lower than at cooler temperatures  .
the tip of mount elbert at 14 , 440 feet ( 4 , 401 m ) elevation in lake county is the state s highest point and the highest point in the entire rocky mountains  .
you can see him inside the sac .  you can see his hands and a leg .
in 1833 she wrote her novella the green dwarf under the name of wellesley  .
now the third bat goes and comes back after 1 minute .
their body is in class ,  but their brain is absent .  they are texting or on social media .
aziz ansari responds to sexual-misconduct allegation .
at a later stage of the revolution there was a bounty on his head  ,  and he sought political asylum at first in switzerland  .
no one predicted if people will need to study english .
voters in eastern seaboard primaries embrace trump .
town landmark catches fire in clinton .
malaysian among those killed in kabul attack .
event management firm cvent to be purchased for $1 . 65b .
senate committee looks at president’s authority to use nuclear weapons .
the song won a grammy award for best male r&b vocal performance  ,  at the 53rd grammy awards in 2011  .
trisha brown ,  choreographer who revolutionized dance in the 20th century ,  dies at 80 .
daniel aaron ,  scholar who helped develop academic field of american studies ,  dies at 103 .
d . c .  woman ,  23 ,  charged after pointing pellet gun at officer ,  police say .
it is trying to give people more information about eating disorders .
he finished with 25 ⅔ innings pitched  ,  striking out 14 batters  ,  and playing in a total of 17 games  .
it is a skeleton of a dinosaur .  it is the biggest ever found .
it was released in the united states on december 25  ,  2006 and in south america in january 2007  .
although it is debated  ,  it is believed the three individuals who made these footprints belonged to the species australopithecus afarensis  .
new restaurant ,  banquet center opens in preble county .
will trump deliver on his health-care promises to the american people ?  .
air traffic control was first introduced at london s croydon airport in 1921  .
similar to other islands in the azores archipelago  ,  são miguel is influenced by ocean currents and winds  ,  in particular  ,  the gulf stream  .
it is assumed that the earth started out with vast amounts of iron dissolved in the world s acidic seas  .
written by an ever-changing team of authors  ,  perry rhodan is issued in weekly installments in the traditional german heftchen ( pulp booklet ) format  .
however  ,  given the strength of american land-based airplanes on hawaii  ,  he thought that it was too risky to attack pearl harbor directly  .
this means they are less than 10 , 000 years old  .
a state religion ( also called an official religion  ,  established church or state church ) is a religious group or creed officially accepted by the state  .
the leading evolutionists ( darwin  ,  wallace  ,  weismann ) attacked wagner s idea of geographic speciation  ,  and it suffered a long decline  .
the honourable society of gray s inn is one of the four inns of court around the royal courts of justice in london  .
a republican party at war with itself hits the wall on health care .
``try the carrot before the stick to solve growing issue of street workers .
for example  ,  in the 2007 regular season  ,  each team in the nfc west played one game against each team in both the afc north and the nfc south  .
following the death of 112 year old e .  beatrice riley  ,  he was verified as the oldest person in australia  .
the shot ended up killing one of the soldiers and injuring another  ,  resulting in iver s arrest  ,  along with the arrest of six of her ` girls   .
5-year-old calls 911 to report that grinch plans to steal christmas .
benton also set up the benton foundation  ,  which managed the britannica until 1996  .
he wants to make something better .  that is why he works on the hoverbike .
in 1874  ,  kreuzlingen became the capital of the district  ,  instead of the previous capital  ,  gottlieben  .
she later worked as an editor with thomas pynchon  ,  kurt vonnegut  ,  joseph heller and amy tan  .
these calls are called nuisance calls .
this is only 6 . 14 % of alaska s land area  ,  but the panhandle is bigger than maine  ,  and almost as big as the state of indiana  .
he was the first to make what came to be called amitrakshar chhanda ( blank verse )  .
strep throat is caused by a type of bacteria called group a beta-hemolytic streptococcus ( gas )  .
it is used to remove hair from hides  .
dr .  nathaniel wallich took charge of the oriental museum of the asiatic society on 1 june 1814  .
paltrow s guest appearance was given positive reviews  .
it makes a big cake .  it takes 400 hours to finish .
paleontologists concluded that `` the change happened gradually  ,  in a way consistent with evolution by natural selection  .
desean jackson sidelined during saturday’s practice .
the klamath were the tribe of native americans living in the area when the first european explorers found the region  .
maryland man found dead in hyattsville .
they worked a lot together  ,  and they were married on 19 october 1953 in epsom  ,  surrey ; schwarzkopf now had british citizenship because of her marriage to an englishman  .
the two bears became friends .
teachers at a d . c .  charter school push to form a union .
in the spring of 1313 edward bruce  ,  brother of the scottish king began a siege of stirling castle  ,  which was held by sir philip mowbray for the english king  .
the next election for the bundestag was september 22 2002  .
he cooperated with stas namin  ,  the musician  ,  composer  ,  and record producer  .
the washington post explores first amendment in america today .
she tells them her story .
reader: ‘well-liked veteran got a hero’s goodbye’ .
devi is eight weeks old .  she goes to the hippo pool for the first time .
alicia also did damage to chemical and petrochemical plants in houston  .
after the release of this album  ,  drummer pete finestone left bad religion in 1991 to concentrate with his new project the fishermen  .
it is accessible from the cbbc channel by pressing the red button and then selecting `` cbbc extra   .
the governor of western australia  ,  john hampton  ,  said to johns : `` if you get out again  ,  i ll forgive you   .
a large part of that district  ,  however  ,  was covered in early times by the forest called andred  .
golden state warriors hire lindsey hunter as assistant coach .
a number of vaccines are being developed ( as of 2011 )  .
the book was also the number one the new york times children s series best seller and book sense top ten summer pick for 2007  .
arlington gun store drops lawsuit against 64 critics .
it is available in as much quantity as desired  ,  with zero opportunity cost to society  .
va .  teen gets 7 years in prison for giving classmate drug that contributed to her death .
we may not be able to reverse it .
he thinks that they will not give him the money .
then they sleep like big kittens .
water must be no danger to these cats
at the 2009 trophée eric bompard  ,  she won first in the short program with the score of 76 . 08 points  ,  16 . 44 points ahead of yukari nakano  .
in 1978 coverdale released his second solo album northwinds  .
william longsword attacked flanders in 939 and arnulf i  ,  count of flanders  ,  and louis iv  ,  king of france  ,  attacked normandy because of this  .
$150m donation to cornell will bolster business schools .
people celebrate the chinese lunar new year .
u . s .  spy plane buzzed by chinese jets in ‘unsafe’ intercept .
firm fined £120 , 000 after lorry driver crushed and killed by heavy graphite .
so ,  you will like to look at all stars .  they all will be your friends .
kids domain have included : the european parliament has also proposed  .
commodus ( lucius aurelius commodus antoninus  ,  31 august 161 - 31 december 192 ) was roman emperor from 180 to 192  .
despite his profound effect on persian life and culture and his enduring popularity and influence  ,  few details of his life are known  ,  and particularly about his early life there is a great deal of more or less mythical anecdote  .
in 2010 the population was only 14  ,  making it the second-smallest incorporated community in illinois  .
poet laureate to be honoured .
it had four pratt & whitney jt3c-7 turbojet engines  .
the main rivalry from the raw brand was john `` bradshaw  layfield ( jbl ) challenging john cena for the world heavyweight championship  .
its name evokes at the same time the new city and the memory of ascq  ,  martyr city of april 1  ,  1944  ,  date on which the nazis massacred 86 men  .
the cholas  ,  who came back from obscurity in the ninth century by defeating the pallavas and the pandyas  ,  rose to become a great power and extended their empire over the entire southern peninsula  .
and in eurasia  ,  it operates in the mediterranean sea  ,  the north sea and china  .
puppies injured by bleach ready for adoption .
in jonathan papelbon’s return to nats park ,  you can hear the ambivalence .
the opposite of softwood is hardwood  ,  which is wood that comes from angiosperm trees  .
in paris ,  a company creates chocolate clothing .  models wear this clothing at a fashion show .
young stayed with the boston team until 1909  .
the movie was written and directed by quentin tarantino and starred harvey keitel  ,  tim roth  ,  michael madsen  ,  chris penn  ,  and steve buscemi  .
the nuclear weapons debate we need .
it does not appear at all in the ancient greek translation of the old testament known as the septuagint  .
a . a .  gill ,  british columnist and food critic with an acid wit ,  dies at 62 .
in 2004 he was the voice for georgie ( the dog ) in the citv series barking  .
some people are injured .
two americans killed in attack on base in afghanistan .
us ship: this is a us ship .
this happens in a chinese city .  a buffalo becomes loose .
mr .  monckton s wife  ,  lady margaret and her servant  ,  miss bennet  ,  are also there  .
he helps the world ,  too .
bagdasarian  ,  performing as the chipmunks  ,  released a long series of albums and singles  .
how the washington post-surveymonkey 50-state poll was conducted .
after an argument  ,  slade says that he wants to kill tod and he will do anything to get him  .
it is the deepest lake in the world .  every year ,  there is a race .
however  ,  the east bank was found to be soft clay which would not support the bridge  .
marc’s penn line suspended after person is fatally struck .
customers who bring their own cup will not get a discount on the cheaper filter coffee .
he was so determined that he went against choi yuk and her family  ,  and even mk  .
robert ohara burke  ,  leader of the burke and wills expedition was a policeman in beechworth  .
paul and john s last guitar solos and the drum solo were used in the intro to `` get back  in the beatles  love  .
school bus full of children slides down icy street in massachusetts .
in addition to buses  ,  it also operates a ferry service  .
while thornton worked as a waiter for an event  ,  he served movie director and screenwriter billy wilder  .
wizards’ john wall and bradley beal show love for the cowboys .
betting suspended on keeper julio cesar joining leeds united .
which states have the fattest pets ?  .
postcodes are published in small books which can be collected from your nearest post offices  ,  or online at the australia post website  .
the records in test matches for bangladesh are written in this section  .
mlb players association to open spring training camp for unsigned free agents .
i just love another boy .
they are born for most of them from an industrial demand  ,  including the groupement des industries françaises aéronautiques et spatiales  ,  in order to support the export contracts by training  .
a second man is in a car accident .
steph curry turns up in hollywood with drakes dad  .
kevin spacey addresses allegations he made a sexual advance on a minor .
a chainsaw ( or chain saw ) is a portable mechanical saw  ,  powered by electricity  ,  compression air  ,  hydraulics power  ,  or most commonly a two-stroke engine  .
belgian cyclist attempts suicide .
hello  ,  harvest moon is a children s picture book written by ralph fletcher with drawings by kate kiesler  .
the theater had more than 3 , 000 seats arranged in six tiers ( six storeys ) of boxes  ,  and above that the two ` loggione  or galleries  .
the city is 112 miles ( 180 km ) east of raleigh and 87 miles ( 140 km ) northeast of wilmington  .
an example of macroevolution is the appearance of feathers during the evolution of birds from one group of dinosaurs  .
although these dates have been changed many times  ,  30 seconds to mars have announced that this is war will be released december 8  ,  2009  .
mr .  delvile  ,  feeling guilty when he hears that cecilia almost died  ,  finally lets her and mortimer come to his house and see him again  .
girl falls into sinkhole at school .
the bmw group celebrates its 100th anniversary .
panda fans to get glimpse of bei bei in january .
a presenter  ,  or host ( sometimes hostess  ,  in female form )  ,  is a person or group that controls an event  .
d . c .  police identify man fatally shot in southeast d . c .  on sunday .
leon moisseiff had other ideas about building the bridge  .
fcc cracks down on verizon wireless for using ‘supercookies’ .
ohio valley wrestling ( ovw ) is an american developmental professional wrestling promotion based in louisville  ,  kentucky  .
in the south the goal was to delay the germans so that the french could advance  .
he also wrote papers about other economic theories  ,  such as monetary economics ( ricardian equivalence ) and its importance when producing the best economic growth  .
it is an indian army base .  it is in kashmir .
clinton foundation to restrict foreign ,  corporate donations if hillary clinton wins .
basketball practices begin .
hasbro also added a multiplayer game called `` party  where all the bop it commands are replaced with body parts  .
ricky jean francois saves the day by fielding punt to end redskins training camp .
some catholics have attempted to make theories of modesty  .
one hundred and eighty people have to go to intensive care .
a büchner funnel is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to filter or separate a liquid from a solid  .
an organization called the iep said this .
the excess free oxygen started to accumulate in the atmosphere  .
it will cost a lot of money to do this
he is the longest serving u . s .  senator in kentucky history  .
on may 27  ,  2006  ,  jolie gave birth to a girl  ,  shiloh  .
the idea of an eastern  ,  `` indian  ( indies ) or `` oriental  sphere was made stronger by ideas of racial as well as religious and cultural differences  .
new phase beginning with ``affordable care act .
this allows the images from either side of the visual field to go to the appropriate side of the brain  ,  combining the sides together  .
afghan girls robotics team allowed to travel to u . s .  competition .
the next ones were 70 mph ( 110 km\/h ) in raizet and 61 mph ( 98 km\/h ) in desirade  .
this new tool allows you to easily visualize 2016 campaign finance data .
he succeeded the throne at 11  ,  when his father died on 4 april 1588  .
in chichester cathedral there is a memorial stone to him  .
it is produced by allison grodner and rich meehan for fly on the wall entertainment  .
iowa county is a county in the u . s .  state of wisconsin  .
its best known member is ben chifley ( alp )  ,  who was prime minister of australia from 1945 to 1949  .
,  based on the show s theme song  ,  which reached number 1 in the uk singles chart in december 1997 and remained in the top 75 for 32 weeks  ,  selling over a million copies  .
in 2001  ,  saltaire was named a world heritage site  .
it is named after chloe angeline stickney hall  ,  wife of phobos s discoverer  ,  asaph hall  .
will kevin durant give golden state an unfair advantage ?  .
the second world war is a problem .  she has health problems ,  too .
peter fechter ( 14 january 1944 - 17 august 1962 ) is one of the best known victims of the berlin wall  .
lisa marie presley says her twitter account was hacked .
storm surge from gabrielle was small  ,  at just 3 feet ( 0 . 91 m ) above normal at hatteras island  .
tap consortium to invite bids for construction works in late 2014 .
fresh from rio ,  katie ledecky to toss first pitch at wednesday’s nats-orioles game .
mandela shows sustained improvement .
metis was found in 1979 by stephen p .  synnott in images taken by the voyager 1 probe  .
here is news from california .  a mother cheetah rejects her baby .
during the 1890s albéniz lived in london and paris and wrote mainly theatrical works  .
so ,  we would like to ask you if you can send the link to www .
us coast guard seize $110 million worth of cocaine .
in a simple example  ,  the two bromine atoms in 3-tert-butyl-trans-1  , 2 - dibromohexane mutarotate by heating  .
he presented them in the state of the union of january 6  ,  1941  ,  which is therefore called the four freedoms speech as well  .
5 million pounds .  the refit takes 2 years .
her boyfriend drugs her .  he locks her in a garage .
when he was in school  ,  he learned the oboe and english horn  ,  which he also plays on his albums  .
ninón sevilla ( born on 10 november 1921 ) is a cuban-mexican movie actress and dancer who was active during the golden age of mexican cinema  .
the government provided saddles  ,  clothes  ,  blankets and guns  .
the first woman was benazir bhutto .  she had a baby 28 years ago
one of the biggest markets is in front of the town hall .  it has 150 stalls .
the mother of this family speaks to the press .
military members test positive for zika .
on 29 july 2011  ,  ocean became a companion of the liverpool institute for performing arts  .
more simply  ,  syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm ; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they would nt normally occur  .
the school has more than 500 students in grades k-12  ,  the school is widely known for its international baccalaureate diploma program which it has used since 2000  .
they provide students from the u .
parents make sure their baby is clean .
this made questions about whether or not spongebob  ,  his best friend patrick  ,  and the rest of the series  characters are homosexual characters  .
the bayreuth festival is a music festival held every year in bayreuth  ,  germany  ,  at which performances of operas by the 19th century german composer richard wagner are performed  .
san francisco bay is a shallow  ,  productive estuary through which water draining about forty percent of california  ,  flowing in the sacramento and san joaquin rivers from the sierra nevada mountains and central valley  ,  enters the pacific ocean  .
as the challenges continued  ,  everyone knew that ulong was the weaker tribe  ,  while strong leadership by tom and ian at koror kept the tribe together  .
selena is the first studio album by american singer selena  .
it was published in parts between 1825 and 1832  .
skanska invests about sek 1 .  .
scandinavian airlines system ( sas ) decided to use the boeing 737-600 instead of the md-95 in march 1995  .
dydacomp announces general availability of freestyle commerce .
andimba toivo ya toivo ,  namibian independence leader imprisoned with nelson mandela ,  dies at 92 .
the jtwc downgraded ma-on to a tropical depression on july 21 and discontinued advisories the following day  .
kwesi appiah to visit 12 players in europe this week .
disruptive passenger duct taped to his seat as flight lands under military escort .
although his turkish works are written in azerbaijani  ,  he knew both the ottoman and the chagatai turkish literary traditions as well  .
17th woman accuses mayor bob filner of sexual harassment .
tensions are dangerous because north korea carried out its biggest ever nuclear test .
moeran gradually became an alcoholic  .
the featured matches on the undercard included the undertaker versus randy orton  ,  kurt angle versus shawn michaels  ,  and the first ever money in the bank ladder match  ,  which featured six participants from the raw brand  .
they sent hundreds of thousands of people from this region to siberia and other remote parts of the soviet union  .
it was replaced by the division of griffith at the redistribution of 1 august 1934  .
she died in versailles after five or six days of troubles caused by the cutting of new teeth  .
there are three main strategic differences between earlier parts of the game and endgame : all endgame positions can be put into two camps  .
most developing countries have good renewable energy resources  ,  including solar energy  ,  wind power  ,  geothermal energy  ,  and biomass  .
turkey wants to drive out the kurdish fighters .  after four days ,  turkish soldiers move into the enclave .
dixon later announced that she was signed with a ₤ 500 , 000 contract deal with polydor records and announced that she will work on material for her solo debut album  .
the migrants who died in misery last weekend won’t be the last .
because of this order the street was closed  ,  the houses had no back doors and the people could not go out without climbing down from their roofs  .
this news is from thailand .
the black-and-white series first ran from 15 october 1951 to 6 may 1957 on cbs  .
police arrest him
kennedy center volunteer accused of stealing two presidential seals .
some park visitors took too much toilet paper .
he traveled from cleveland to host each episode  .
when world war ii started in 1939  ,  horowitz decided to live in the u .  s .  he became an american citizen in 1944  .
character names are borrowed from history  ,  languages  ,  and mythologies of many cultures  .
stephen gould p221 stephen jay gould called this approach to explaining evolution as terminal addition ; as if every evolutionary advance was added as new stage by reducing the duration of the older stages  .
d . c .  police arrest man in killing that sparked triple shooting in northeast washington .
the washington post on facebook notify .
alice springs is a city in the northern territory of australia  .
also ,  the brazilian president has problems .
it also gives a better quality of life .
in most of the cases no formalities are necessary to start an association  .
inside north carolinas controversial bathroom law ,  which might be repealed soon .
an exam expert said: melanias speech [gives] us a [clear] example of plagiarism in action .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
they say that it is very disrespectful .  they want the statue down .
drivers license centers to be closed .
police said the bomb didnt work properly .
bengal white tigers are very rare .
this meant she dominated hugo s education  .
hundreds of people are injured .
maryland officer indicted after striking suspect with cruiser ,  prosecutors say .
they have small  ,  clean-cut heads  ,  a straight profile with broad foreheads  ,  and nostrils that can dilate  .
she is one week old .
video apparently shows moments after 15-year-old boy was shot and killed by police .
2 million dollars .  however ,  this person wants the couple’s cat ,  too .
he can go to school without his parents .  he can have a normal life
they can catch on fire or even explode .  in october ,  there are three house fires .
an electron has a mass of about 1\/1836 times a proton  .
the dragon lived in a cave under wawel hill  ,  on the banks of the vistula river  .
the city was founded on january 12  ,  1794 ( gregorian calendar ) as yekaterinodar ( екатеринода́р )  .
she is the oldest woman in the marathon .
maryland school officials investigate blackface photo involving 11th-grader .
the north water provides air to ice algae and zooplankton  .
the story takes place in spain during the occupation of napoleon s army  .
state officials will tour lawrence as part of farm to school celebration .
at the walcott quarry  ,  the lowest ( earliest ) of the burgess shale deposits  ,  walcott collected 65 , 000 specimens between 1910 and 1924  .
supreme court declines to reconsider deference to agency interpretations of agency regulations .
the original dutch version of the program was called now or neverland  .
some people say they should not get the prize .
while using psynergy in non-battle place  ,  a light ring appears around the character and players can decide the direction of the ability by using the touch screen or buttons  .
cossy and saglia explained  ,  `` the equality of mind which elizabeth takes for granted is denied ( not given ) and gender distinction introduced   .
he also guest starred in such canadian-filmed television shows as smallville  ,  supernatural  ,  flash gordon  ,  stargate atlantis and stargate sg-1  .
it is flying from singapore to milan .  the pilot receives an engine oil-warning message .  he turns the plane back .
this was a problem for japan as its military-industrial complex was unable to produce as much as the americans  .
brutus rallied cassius  remaining troops and both sides ordered their army to retreat to their camps with their spoils  .
u . s .  park police officer wounded in accidental shooting .
it was formed on 18 december 1992 by the former president of azerbaijan heydar aliyev  ,  who led it until his retirement and death in 2003  .
punta tombo is a long narrow peninsula .
they want a politician to resign .
she was given the order of the british empire in 1918  .
gary trousdale directed the special at first  ,  but he was later replaced by mark baldo  .
a canopy catches him .
the lake is hawaii’s largest freshwater lake .  the lava vaporises it in hours .
the second world war is a problem .  she has health problems ,  too .
new pennsylvania congressional map erases 1 , 100 miles of district borders .
she absolutely loves it .  somebody must always hold her paw .
hell rarely plays music live  ,  concentrating instead on writing and spoken-word performances  .
the division of calare is an australian electoral division in new south wales  .
the white house claim that obama-era regulations have cost $890 billion .
as the air descends on the leeward side  ,  it warms again and is drier  ,  having been stripped of much of its moisture  .
the felids evolved in asia and spread across continents by crossing land bridges  .
two teens accused of kidnapping and raping classmate in maryland .
the derby sketching club is a members  club meeting in derby  ,  england  .
the flag is used on land as the civil  ,  state and war flag  ,  and at sea as the civil  ,  state and naval ensign and naval jack  .
mark kozelek ( born january 24  ,  1967 ) is an american singer  .
legal services sector adds 2 , 700 jobs in august .
gatorade is a brand of sports-themed food and beverage products  ,  built around its signature product : a line of sports drinks  .
the club is for people who like difficult sports .
a regnal name  ,  or reign name  ,  is a formal name or label which refers to the years of the reign of a monarch or a pope  .
the genus was named by carl linnaeus after dr alexander garden ( 1730-1791 )  ,  scottish-born american naturalist  .
during his time as secretary  ,  brown offered more services to female veterans  ,  homeless veterans and veterans who were sick because of chemical exposures in vietnam or the gulf war  .
in baghdad ,  a man changes his van .  he turns it into a mobile bookshop .
the federal nature of the commonwealth and the structure of the parliament of australia were the subject of long negotiations among the colonies  .
in literature  ,  the style started with the publication les fleurs du mal ( the flowers of evil  ,  1857 ) by charles baudelaire  .
she bought it in a red cross charity store .
chilling update: tlc’s toby willis arraigned on four counts of child rape .
most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them somewhere on the uniform  ,  usually on the backs to tell different players from each other  .
it was named in august 2003 from norse mythology  ,  where mundilfari is a jotun or giant who is the father of the goddess sol and the god mani  .
what the ‘oldest’ muslim graves in europe can tell us about the past .
a health group said people who are overweight or underweight get no help in japan .
vh1 backtracks on tlc biopic ?  .
european regulators seek up to $14 . 5 billion from apple over irish tax rules .
the remains were discovered on the indonesian island of flores by an australian-indonesian team of archaeologists in 2003  .
to the east  ,  the block island sound connects to the sound  .
because the speaker is always a member of the governing party  ,  they have not continued as speaker following a change of government  .
she was later appointed chairperson of the aboriginal development commission  .
pinnipeds are typically sleek-bodied and barrel-shaped  .
the plumbing industry is an important part of every developed economy because people need clean water and safe ways to move and store waste  .
8-year-old boy rescued after falling into 10-foot sinkhole .
the main parts  ,  also called electronic components  ,  that are used in electronics are resistors  ,  capacitors  ,  coils of wire called inductors  ,  integrated circuits  ,  connection wires and circuit boards  .
in 1906 mises was awarded his doctorate from the school of law  .
the original station building was built on the site of hungerford market and opened on 11 january 1864  .
new bern is the second oldest town in north carolina  .
farmers are worried wolves and sea eagles will kill farm animals .
poet e .  e .  cummings admired herriman and wrote the introduction to the first collection of the strip in book form  .
on 15 january 1904 casals was invited to play at the white house for president theodore roosevelt  .
there are dangerous animals there ,  like jaguars .
davis went to school at christ s hospital before studying the clarinet at the royal college of music in london  .
you have to dip the tear in water .
he is the eldest son of actor kirk douglas  ,  and the husband of actress catherine zeta-jones  .
ncq and pata tcq have a maximum queue length of 32 in-flight commands ( 31 in practice )  ,  while scsi tcq has a maximum queue length of 264 in-flight commands  .
in 1964  ,  he graduated with honors from the university of louisville with a b . a .  in political science  .
the tyrrell racing organisation was an auto racing team and formula one constructor ( race car maker )  .
he finds another dog .  it is buried .
in 2004  ,  she wrote and presented a short lived series what sadie did next  .  .  .  for e4  .
the futurists attempted to create it in their subsequent technical manifesto of futurist painting  .
between june of 68 and december of 69  ,  rome witnessed the successive rise and fall of galba  ,  otho and vitellius until the final accession of vespasian  ,  the first ruler of the flavian dynasty  .
on july 31  ,  2009 ( 13 1\/2 months before the 2010 primary )  ,  fenty s 2010 mayoral campaign passed the 2006 primary fundraising total of $ 2 . 4 million  .
the band released their all the greatest hits compilation album on 5 november 2007  ,  which charted at number three  .
backgammon is a game played by two players  .
since august 29  ,  2011  ,  all wwe programming has been `` supershows  that feature wrestlers from both raw and smackdown  .
`` happy  is a 2013 song performed by american singer and producer pharrell williams  .
the people have no money .  they want to see if people will be kind to them .
she locks herself in piper s bedroom and refuses to come out  .
kigeli v ndahindurwa ,  rwandan king without a crown ,  dies at 80 .
she dies on april 2nd .  the leaders bury her as a national hero .
this massive event will gather an approximate 1 . 5 million visitors to monterrey  ,  and is mostly free of charge  .
there are two primary reasons for using session keys : like all cryptographic keys  ,  session keys must be chosen so that they are unpredictable by an attacker  .
on the other hand  ,  often called the `` glove hand   ,  the goaltender wears a catching glove  ,  similar to a baseball glove  .
they are faint lines running lengthwise down each side  ,  from the gill covers to the base of the tail  .
of these 25 players  ,  13 were right-handed batters  ,  10 were left-handed  ,  and 2 were switch hitters ( meaning they could bat from either side of the plate )  .
as a daughter of the king  ,  she held the prestigious rank of fille de france  .
pr .  george’s council member mel franklin pleads guilty to dui in crash that injured 2 .
the rubio tax bill saga is a perfect expression of republican priorities .
for the 2000 season the team were forced to use 1998 specification ford zetec-r v10 engines  ,  which were renamed as fondmetal engines  .
at the turning point of the invasion - the battle of borodino - the score calls for five russian cannon shots  .
although born in barking  ,  england  ,  davey learned to play ice hockey in port arthur  ,  ontario with the elmwood midgets after his family emigrated there when he was a child  .
she is professor of sociology and women s studies at wheelock college in boston  .
he met james `` jimmie  shields  ,  probably as a pick-up on the street  .
d . c .  united will open mls season march 6 at los angeles .
whedon was the executive producer  ,  along with tim minear  .
marques haynes ( born october 3 1926 ) is an american former professional basketball player and member of the harlem globetrotters  .
lund is often said to have been the first finnish player in the national hockey league  .
fired black pocomoke city police chief and lieutenant indicted for alleged misconduct in accident investigation .
the university was to be a `` civilising influence  at a time of rapid settlement and commercial growth ( selleck  ,  2003 )  .
it runs 5 . 5 km east  ,  under sheppard avenue from sheppard station on the yonge line ( now called sheppard-yonge )  ,  to don mills station at sheppard and don mills road  .
junction 6 in birmingham has the name spaghetti junction  .
the blue jackets put a hole in the caps’ scoreboard .
the corn which is also golden will help me not to forget you .
medley capital corporation announces the pricing of the offering of 6 , 000 , 000 shares of its common stock .
the california state university system headquarters are in long beach  ,  california  .
she said: change is life .
from 1993 to 2004  ,  she served in the florida house of representatives and the florida senate  .
the bombilla is both a straw and a sieve  .
how to donate diapers and more to harvey victims ,  and other friday favorites from on parenting .
nine million tons of plastic goes into the oceans every year .
good news for luann de lesseps !  ‘rhony’ star’s court hearing cancelled .
infant in car seat struck by a vehicle in toy store parking lot in maryland .
anatole france start his career as a parnassianism poet  .
all staff must treat everyone in the cafe as a customer .
ralph waldo emerson ( may 25  ,  1803 - april 27  ,  1882 ) was an american author  ,  poet  ,  and philosopher  .
state department reopens internal review of clinton’s email use .
yash raj chopra ( hindi : यश चोपड़ा  ,  27 september 1932 - 21 october  ,  2012 ) is an indian filmmaker  ,  screenwriter  ,  and a highly successful bollywood producer  .
he walks and looks for food .
vallourec warns on weak brazilian real .
the brooklyn democratic debate transcript ,  annotated .
in 1901  ,  young left st .  louis and joined the american league s boston americans for a $ 3 , 500 contract  .
syrian forces battle to reclaim ancient palmyra from islamic state .
the eugene boudin prize is an award given by the société nationale des beaux-arts of france  .
சிங்கப்பூர் குடிமக்களாகிய நாம் இனம்  ,  மொழி  ,  மதம் ஆகிய வேற்றுமைகளை மறந்து ஒன்றுபட்டு  ,  நம் நாடு மகிழ்ச்சி  ,  வளம்  ,  முன்னேற்றம் ஆகியவற்றை அடையும் வண்ணம் சமத்துவத்தையும்  ,  நீதியையும் அடிப்படையாக கொண்ட ஜனாயக சமுதாயத்தை உருவாக்குவதற்கு உறுதி மேற்கொள்வோம்  !
it walks down a footpath .
the government said children are very important and should have toys .
the pelican is a boy .
buddy bregman ,  gifted hollywood musical arranger and conductor ,  dies at 86 .
x .  a cyclone  ,  first detected southwest of madeira on october 24  ,  passed the island on october 26  ,  moving northeast towards the iberian peninsula  .
dormice are small rodents  ,  with a body length of between 6 and 19 cm ( 2 . 4 and 7 . 5 in )  ,  and weighing between 15 and 200 g ( 0 . 53 and 7 . 05 oz )  .
booker t revealed the championship after he took it out of a steel briefcase that he had been carrying around in the weeks leading up to the reveal  .
on november 15  ,  1999  ,  rctv had been on 16 , 000 days  .
the world wastes a third of the food it produces .
the causinae  ,  commonly known as the `` night adders   ,  are a monotypic subfamily of venomous vipers found in sub-saharan africa  .
his father baldwin iii died in 962 when arnulf was just an infant  .
republican leaders call for ‘pause’ on syrian refugee program .
wilson was elected two times to the continental congress  ,  and was a major force in drafting the united states constitution  .
premier league mulling move to 18 teams to help england’s national team .
charles bradley ,  singer known as the ‘screaming eagle of soul , ’ dies at 68 .
beijing strengthens security measures .
women’s voices theater festival will roar again in 2018 .
the higher institute of management  ,  located at saint-quentin-en-yvelines  ,  welcomes the courses in management  ,  information science  ,  communication and educational science  .
following the release of badmotorfinger  ,  soundgarden went on a north america tour that startet in october 1991 and ended in november 1991  .
doomsday preacher harold camping dies at 92 .
it stays like this for more than 24 hours .  people try to help the whale .
the asexual forms are found in juvenile and immature hosts ; and the sexual forms in mature hosts  .
this is why splitting mauls have a much larger angle than an axe  .
jacinda ardern is the prime minister of new zealand .
the slide can support the weight of a school bus .
each borrower must belong to a five-member group  ,  the group does not need to give a guarantee for a loan  .
courbet was born in 1819  ,  and was the son of régis and sylvie oudot courbet in ornans  ,  doubs  .
by the late 1990s  ,  new agencies like yg entertainment  ,  dsp entertainment  ,  and jyp entertainment were producing talent as quickly as possible  .
the success was stopped by the munich air disaster in 1958  ,  when eight of the club s players died  .
a test tunnel from tottenham to manor house under seven sisters road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels  .
however  ,  the disney television animation studio continued extensively using the classic disney sound effects for several years  .
on august 8  ,  2010 he co-hosted the teen choice awards  .
at night ,  her picture is projected above the mural
they are calm
it is based on the short story `` harrison bergeron  by author kurt vonnegut  .
malaysian athletes have won a total of six olympic medals  .
explosion in vault had minimal effect on drug evidence ,  d . c .  police say .
zbikowski accounted for four tds ( two interception returns and two punt returns ) in 12 games played in 2006  .
barry caused high winds in florida  ,  which reached 47 mph ( 76 km\/h )  ,  near the southeastern coastline of the state  .
shelly-ann fraser-pryce  ,  od ( born december 27  ,  1986 ) is a jamaican sprinter  .
rep .  maxine waters takes impeachment campaign to the washington suburbs .
they are commonly known as ebony or persimmon trees  .
he was made a member of the oregon sports hall of fame in 2005  .
at some points in time  ,  rhyolitic calderas have appeared in distinct clusters  .
cocculus carolinus otherwise known as carolina coralbead  ,  redberry moonseed or the carolina snailseed  .
although it is not the first book to be printed by gutenberg s new movable type system  ,  it is his major work  ,  and of central importance for the start of the `` gutenberg revolution  and the `` age of the printed book   .
they have 577 vehicles .  they break the record
rigid home appraisals & stronger regulatory walls ease fannie mae losses .
theres still shooting going on !  .
at the end of 2004  ,  jaguar sold its formula one team to red bull  .
students wrote about zombies so they could be creative .  they could show people how much physics they knew .
it lies at the northeast corner of aberdeenshire  ,  around 40 miles ( 64 km ) north of aberdeen  ,  and 17 miles ( 27 km ) north of peterhead  .
volunteering in loudoun and fauquier counties .
he wants the american dream to come back .
they lose an average of $12 , 500 .
flowers on the periphery are flat and yellow ( the so-called `` petals  of a daisy are individual ray flowers )  .
his son joseph went to live with governor bradford and his family  .
a doctor with a bad knee runs into one-size-fits-all medicine .
i didn’t know that you studied at university .
the pastor wants to help his country .  he gives the diamond to the government .
natron is an ingredient for making a color called egyptian blue  .
doctors say this is light at the end of a dark tunnel for many families .
he is not injured seriously .
first christian church hosting blood drive .
a bento is a japanese ,  ready-made lunch for one person .
ed o’keefe speaks to american university about covering politics .
batista won his first televised match since his return  ,  a six man tag match with rey mysterio and lashley taking on king booker  ,  finlay and mark henry  .
one man does not want the locks to be thrown away .
prince george’s police searching for 29-year-old man in oct .  3 killing .
in 1828  ,  da ponte became a naturalized us citizen  .
modi is happy ,  but there is more work to be done .
leh is followed by kargil as the second largest town in ladakh  .
rising to the post of dalwai  ,  or commander-in-chief to krishnaraja wodeyar ii  ,  he came to dominate the titular monarch and the mysore government  ,  and eventually seized control of all of the reins of power  .
this incident shocks people
transportation in the country was also affected ; 200 trains and 160 domestic airline flights were canceled  .
however ,  he jumps almost perfectly
they created fast  ,  hard-edged music  ,  with short songs  ,  stripped-down instrumentation  ,  and often political  ,  anti-establishment lyrics  .
a beating heart cadaver is often disturbing and confusing  .
singer lou reed dies at 71 .
the climate was moist and warm  ,  with seasonal variations  .
they damage nine other vehicles .
she enjoyed reading about politics in newspapers  .
two writers sue mark wahlberg and dwayne johnson over ‘ballers , ’ alleging they stole key elements .
the drive is removed at night and taken offsite  .
aschenbach tries to get up to help him  ,  but he is too weak to get out of his chair  .
although seleucia pieria was at first the seleucid capital city in northwestern syria  ,  antioch soon rose above it to become the syrian capital  .
the process of wheel setting found the start position for a message  .
in 1936  ,  the club was officially reorganized into a residence for the philharmonic society aimed at promoting azerbaijani classical and folk music  .
this is terrible .  the food is average and the service is bad .
apart from the street snacks  ,  the carful also sells clothes  ,  sometimes handbags  .
a camera films a meteor .
he switched his party registration in 2001 to run for mayor as a republican  .
prime minister of kyrgyzstan visits china .
federal court questions whether texas voter-id law can offer accommodations .
i believe that grammar for speaking can help you
landis has also been banned from the sport for two years  ,  dated retroactively to january 2007  .
30 for an hour .  people like the nap lounges .
blue jackets begin playoffs against penguins in pittsburgh .
an african american woman writes to the white house .
great techniques to save time .
there are websites about anorexia on the internet .
betsy drake ,  actress and writer who married cary grant ,  dies at 92 .
the fifth single from lott s album  ,  `` turn it up   ,  was released on 7 june 2010  .
police arrest seven illegal afghan immigrants .
dr gilbert said babies should get dirty .
turkish planes bomb the region .  turkey wants to drive out the kurdish fighters .
amonasro tells the egyptians a lie : he says that the ethiopian king ( he himself  ,  of course ) has been killed in battle  .
repeats of his tv show were shown on cbc television until 2006  .
they are based on the forty-two articles written under the direction of thomas cranmer in 1552 and passed under edward vi of england in 1553  .
this result is often referred to as the `` euclid-euler theorem   .
minutes later the wind came back from a different direction  ,  bringing the fire up the valley with it  .
abt principal dancer marcelo gomes resigns amid misconduct investigation .
angry council meeting in alexandria exposes rift over preservation ,  density .
appointment of mueller could complicate other probes into alleged russian meddling .
sorry ,  grammar nerds .  the singular ‘they’ has been declared word of the year .  .
second ,  videos keep childrens brains active ,  so they cannot sleep .
middle school election results (temporarily) withheld because the winners aren’t diverse enough .
democratic gubernatorial candidate john hanger releases agenda for women .
the fulton opera house in the city was named for lancaster native robert fulton  ,  who had designed the modern steamboat  .
the movie was produced by ross hunter and released by universal pictures  .
the nationals should forget about catching the dodgers and plan for the postseason .
loie ( or loïe ) fuller ( january 15  ,  1862 - january 1  ,  1928 ) was a pioneer of modern dance  .
senate of us state of new mexico adopts resolution on azerbaijan .
it is part of project everyone .  this project wants to improve the lives of women and girls .
researchers looked at 145 university students .
attendant experiential activity held on train t76 .
along with the main industry of creating ships  ,  well-known industries that created a big presence in hoboken were maxwell house  ,  lipton tea  ,  and hostess  ,  among others  .
despite injuries ,  andre burakovsky ,  tom wilson and michael latta all expected to play thursday .
a researcher said: this can turn ugly .
the biggest reason for the record number is war .
neighbourhoods usually have 2 , 000 to 10 , 000 families  .
the city is also famous for its museum  ,  the pierre gianadda foundation  ,  built on top of roman ruins  .
the grignard reaction is an important tool in the formation of carbon-carbon bonds  .
study: black girls viewed as ‘less innocent’ than white girls .
they say the chemicals and uv rays mean that nothing can grow or live on the land or near the land on mars .
they are a big problem in africa .  princess diana ,  the people’s princess ,  dies in paris in 1997 .  she dies in a car crash with her boyfriend .
in october 2007  ,  the orchestra named the latvian conductor andris nelsons as the cbso s 12th music director  ,  starting with the 2008-2009 season  .
from preschoolers to college-bound teens: back-to-school must-haves for kids of all ages .
the region takes its name from the balkan mountains which run through the center of bulgaria into eastern serbia  .
it was created in 1984 and is named for arthur calwell  ,  who was minister for immigration 1945-1949 and leader of the australian labor party 1960-1967  .
it is going to fly without people .  it will fly for 100 minutes .
free tax preparation services offered .
one united people was included on the album leave  .
two million adults now riding bikes at least once a week .
the tickets may have to be shown or checked automatically at the station platform or when going onto the system  ,  or during the ride by a conductor  .
america: be thankful you have something to complain about .
joe blanton heads to disabled list with right shoulder inflammation .
pan s labyrinth ( spanish : el laberinto del fauno  ,  literally the labyrinth of the faun ) is an academy award-winning spanish language fantasy movie written and directed by mexican movie-maker guillermo del toro  .
at 15  ,  he was given the job of third horn with the melbourne symphony orchestra  .
christian grey casting rumors: .
the man cannot keep the coins .
the cambrian explosion or cambrian radiation was the relatively rapid appearance of most major animal phyla around 530 million years ago ( mya ) in the fossil record  .
prem pal singh rawat ( now called maharaji and in the past called guru maharaj ji and balyogeshwar ) was born in india on december 10  ,  1957  .
metro reducing number of cars per train due to shutdown .
on funduscopic exam  ,  a doctor will see spots  ,  flame hemorrhages  ,  and dot-blot hemorrhages  .
the duke and duchess visited nazi germany  ,  against the advice of the british government  ,  and met adolf hitler at his private retreat  .
its name means `` the ( fortified ) house of ( the district ) aker   .
on 1 february 2007  ,  a weekend in the city was made able free to listen to on the band s official myspace page  .
and that even if he took nine big elephants back to his planet ,  those elephants couldn’t eat one single baobab .
trone to fund legal aid for families who could be impacted by travel ban .
in 2012  ,  shada joined the cast of nick cannon s comedy sketch incredible crew  .
the wilhelm scream is a movie and television sound effect first used in 1951 for the movie distant drums  .
the circular motion of the wheel was changed to back-and-forth motion of the saw blade by a connecting rod known as a pitman ( thus introducing a term used in many mechanical applications )  .
the colubrids are certainly not a natural group  ,  as many are more closely related to other groups  ,  such as elapids  ,  than to each other  .
prairie rattlesnakes eat mainly small mammals like ground squirrels  ,  mice  ,  rats  ,  small rabbits  ,  and prairie dogs  .
nakuru bounce back .
people say the mummy is a modern human who travelled back in time .
in 1885  ,  the science collections were renamed the science museum  .
robert hulseman ,  creator of solo cup favored by partygoers ,  dies at 84 .
other elephants come to meet her .  this is a big event for the herd .
in 1591 a belgian  ,  jean beavie  ,  wrote about and drew the important idea of rockets that had more than one stage  .
there were wars in afghanistan .  people there are tired of the wars .
there is a basic police station at pukatja  ,  and is not permanently manned  .
fields has wrist surgery .
she died unmarried and childless  ,  leaving her vast fortune to her cousin  ,  philippe de france  .
she was the mother of six children : in 1742 maria anna took over power as regent after her husband suffered a stroke  ,  which left him partially paralyzed  .
the mud is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments ( silt-sized particles ) of other minerals  ,  especially quartz and calcite  .
egay continued to develop during june 17 as it moved towards the northeast  ,  and on june 18 the jtwc reported that egay had intensified into a tropical storm  .
she also worked in a local bank as a janitor and bookkeeper  .
he died 1966 from a heart attack in grenada  ,  mississippi  .
for movies released in north america  ,  box office figures are usually divided into two categories  .
international date line follows the meridian of 180 ° longitude down the middle of the pacific ocean for some time  .
the early british empire split as its colonies in america revolted to establish their own representative government  .
freedom from fear is a painting of norman rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the four freedoms  .
former louisville assistant andre mcgee resigns from job at umkc .
reluctance is usually represented by a curly capital r .  the term was coined in may 1888 by oliver heaviside  .
it is possible that groups of people may also have traveled into north america on shelf or sheet ice along the northern pacific coast  .
on 19 december 2006  ,  continuously heavy downpour occurred in johor  .
the most lopsided fight at saturday’s ufc 193 is between women ,  but it’s not rousey vs .  holm .
government may do a rethink on monthly hike in diesel rates: .
she wears a hijab during the match .  she is the first person in the usa to do this .
salonen was principal conductor of the swedish radio symphony orchestra from 1984-1995  .
the ex-players are mad about their problems .
a captain catches a squid .  this squid is giant .
on the north coast is iran and on the south coast is the united arab emirates and musandam  ,  an exclave of oman  .
they must do this
in october 2010 williams released his second greatest hits album  ,  in and out of consciousness : the greatest hits 1990-2010  ,  to celebrate 20 years as a performing artist  .
river dolphins are less active than marine dolphins because they do not need to search so widely to find fish  .
blackberry slashes prices z30 by rs5 , 000 .
estelle weakened to a tropical storm on july 23  .
in a bid to slow trump ,  rubio urges supporters to vote for kasich in ohio .
even after amtrak took over the train yard  ,  washington entered a period of poor city management and economic blight  .
dairy makes a difference .
national gallery of art acquires nearly 8 , 000 works from corcoran .
saturn is the only planet in the solar system that is less dense than water  .
every year ,  it makes a list .
ut mine stromtid describes the revolutionary movement of 1848  .
jai fai is not happy with the award .  she doesnt want it .
he has left an eyewitness account on the city just after it was taken back by the muhammad ali  ,  with whom he obtained several interviews while he was there  .
ukraine says this is not true
the sweet potato has extra vitamin a .
they find reproducing adults .  they also find young fish
hey there  ,  it s yogi bear is a movie starring daws butler  ,  don messick  ,  julie bennett  ,  and mel blanc  .
when the suez canal was opened in 1869  ,  it created the first salt-water passage between the red sea and the mediterranean  .
there he learns about his parents and his connection to the dark lord  .
the canadian kills the british man .
she thought they would be black .
plasencia is a walled market city in western spain  .
the session layer uses the stable communication system created by the transport layer to create and control conversations ( or sessions ) between two computers  .
weight loss ,  especially with surgery ,  tied to lower risk of heart failure .
head of firm behind trump dossier was angered by comey’s pre-election announcement .
some republicans want to move on from flynn controversy .
the day reagan was shot ,  they played for the ncaa tournament championship .
according to the movie harlem globetrotters : six decades of magic  ,  haynes could dribble the ball as many as six times a second  .
who has the edge ?  .
he was also the general manager of the memphis grizzlies and organized golf tournaments  .
sergio arellano stark ,  driver of the ‘caravan of death’ under pinochet ,  dies at 94 .
where to see the no-longer-endangered delmarva fox squirrel .
woman police officer suspended .
the british bulldogs  ,  accompanied by captain lou albano and ozzy osbourne  ,  defeated greg valentine and brutus beefcake at wrestlemania ii  .
in 2002 daimler ag increased its share to 55 % and renamed the company mercedes-ilmor  .
working-class anger in iran shows government’s vulnerability .
in the 1980s  ,  book publisher harcourt  ,  brace  ,  jovanovich bought the park along with seaworld  ,  circus world ( later rebuilt as boardwalk & baseball ) and stars hall of fame  ,  but sold most of the businesses to anheuser-busch in 1989  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
louisiana philharmonic orchestra to present boléro feb .  7 in covington .
she is director of the non-governmental organization  ,  gene campaign  .
this news is about a woman .
his grandfather  ,  francisco pena  ,  and father  ,  joaquim `` jack  pena  ,  were both professional musicians  ,  and taught paul to play cape verdean music  .
former alexandria deputy police chief says he was detained at jfk airport because of his name .
he took office at a younger age than any other current senator  .
education officials say they’re trying to protect poor children .  a senator says they’re trying to break the law .  .
feuermann s parents were amateur musicians  .
the largest beetle  ,  dytiscus latissimus  ,  can reach 45 mm long  .
a slight weakening trend continued  ,  due to its northern outflow being disrupted by an upper-level low over the bahamas  .
in response to this raid  ,  darius swore to burn athens and eretria to the ground  .
on the left is berthe morisot  ,  who became in 1874 the wife of manet s brother  ,  eugène  .
after the match  ,  both shook hands in the ring  .
it is in perfect conditions .  it is dark down there ,  quiet ,  and the temperature is stable .
the usa and south korea said the test was dangerous .
he could find in the ancients `` a powerful impetus to revive the contemporary world in light of its accomplishments   .
appeals court won’t block republican from house of delegates over ballot mixup .
lee may ,  baseball slugger of the 1960s and 1970s ,  dies at 74 .
they are the parents of three adult children  .
however ,  it will talk to them about it
the boat follows a moose .  the moose is in the water .
rumi had contracted cancer  ,  and was forced to withdraw his backing in 2000  .
venezuelan government to continue pace of land expropriations for ``agrarian socialism .
maryland rb wes brown suspended indefinitely .
his parents divorced ( broke-up ) before his 1st birthday and his mother is re-married to keith morrison  ,  a broadcast journalist  .
fake travel agent booked .
people must work fast .  they fix the problem .
the martial arts are arts .
the collisions that formed pannotia were brief collisions  ,  and the continents making up pannotia already had active rifting  .
he is confused .  after a moment ,  he knows what happened
one of their background designs includes a string of repetitive numbers 73774  .
the town s treasury of $ 690 was seized  ,  and prisoners in the jail were released  .
on the other hand  ,  the team ends in the second rank in the east conference of the national ringette league behind a team of the ontario  ,  the cambridge turbos and it since two seasons : 2010-11 and 2009-10  .
donald trump is still struggling to install friendly delegates .
cnn said the movie would ,  lift the self-esteem of black children .
pieces of the nuclear core fell near the great slave lake  .
the mountain pygmy possum ( burramys parvus ) is a small  ,  mouse-sized ( weighs 45 g ) nocturnal marsupial of australia  .
its orbit is less eccentric and inclined than those of its bigger cousins - being indeed the most circular of any asteroid found up to that point - and as a consequence it never becomes as bright as iris or hebe  ,  especially as it is much farther from the sun than those asteroids  .
the principal one is calibration  ,  finding out exactly what the absolute magnitude of the candle is  .
two victims are children .
for weeks on raw  ,  michaels got revenge on both vince mcmahon and the spirit squad  ,  until the may 22 episode of raw  ,  where the spirit squad were scripted to injure michaels  left knee  .
devices on public buses in maryland are listening to private conversations .
others have held that sufism is the strict emulation of the direct way of the holy prophet muhammad  ,  through which the heart s connection to the divine is strengthened  .
in general writing when the term is used in an agricultural context it probably refers to agricultural lime  .
loud sounds damage your hearing .  they kill small hair cells in our ear that help us to hear .
he joined the army in 1900 and first served in the second boer war in the king s royal rifle corps  .
the gut contents consist of fragments of fibrous or vascular plant tissue  ,  fruiting bodies  ,  spherical seeds  ,  and tissue ( possibly from fern sporangia )  .
is trump’s new chief strategist a racist ?  critics say so .  .
the prime minister ,  matteo renzi ,  needs to win the referendum .
titsingh encouraged mccartney to abandon a planned expedition to japan in 1793  .
this costs 2 million dollars
growing opium poppy and drug trafficking are important to the political and economic situation of afghanistan  .
disneyland resort is a recreational resort in anaheim  ,  california  .
once they see the prey  ,  the bird makes a short  ,  steep dive  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
the main event and last match of the night was edge putting his world heavyweight championship on the line against the number one contender the undertaker  .
british mother hacked to death .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the song was released on august 14  ,  1995 as the second single from their second album ( what s the story ) morning glory  ?
the company already has a supermarket with robots near london
sodium telluride is a chemical compound  .
islamic state militants are kidnapping thousands of people to use as human shields .
people called it the `` goldschmidt reaction  or `` goldschmidt process   .
emergency payday loans no credit check .
people pierce their bodies with threads .
the room is in paris
many of lee s family have important positions in singaporean society  ,  and his children hold high government or government-linked posts  .
simpson reportedly prospected for gold in alaska in his youth  .
israel begins freeing palestinian prisoners .
sergio pérez ( born january 26  ,  1990 in guadalajara  ,  jalisco )  ,  also known as `` checo  pérez  ,  is a mexican racing driver  .
investigation into shootings of protected birds near baltimore has stalled .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
chris brown to remain in jail .
thomas michael zbikowski ( born may 22  ,  1985 in park ridge  ,  illinois  ,  often known as just `` zibi  ) is a professional boxer and american football safety for the indianapolis colts of the national football league  .
high budget deficits caused the 1998 russian financial crisis and resulted in further gdp decline  .
saarinen was recruited by his friend  ,  who was also an architect  ,  to join the military service in the office of strategic services ( oss )  .
he drives for 16 kilometres .  he stops and hears some noise .
the wave heights given are for waves on the open ocean  ,  not near the shore  .
poincheval spends a week inside a rock .
the beach is near a city .  this city is helping with the south korean olympic games
they shoot at the people .  south africans are angry .
this news is from china .  a man goes in a gold shop .
the only remaining caucasian albanians are the udi people  ,  who maintain the christian faith of their roman influenced ancestors  .
by the middle of the 1880s  ,  masoch had abandoned the legacy of cain  .
the provincial assembly of the punjab is a unicameral legislature of elected representatives of the province of punjab  ,  which is located in lahore in eastern pakistan  .
in 1925 milhaud married his cousin  ,  an actress called madeleine milhaud  .
the first  ,  published in march  ,  2007  ,  was put up for the best first novel agatha award in 2007  .
in rebuke to modi government ,  india’s high court suspends ban on trade of cattle for slaughter .
migrants are people looking for a better life in another country .
after the war  ,  he returned to finish high school  .
one of his students  ,  gioseffo zarlino  ,  who became a well-known music theorist  ,  said that willaert went to paris first to study law  ,  but then decided to study music  .
in 1933  ,  during a trip to hollywood  ,  pascal was contacted by princess norina matchabelli about a movie project based on the teachings of her guru meher baba  .
fully loaded was a yearly wwf event  ,  which started in july 1998 and was held for another two years  .
house intelligence committee to release russian-backed facebook ads .
the bosporan kingdom became rich from selling wheat  ,  fish and slaves to rest of europe  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
his main conducting teacher was ilya musin who was one of the greatest conductors and teachers of conducting in russian musical history  .
world war ii memorial vandalized with spray paint .
many syrian children know only war .
the man wakes up .
twenty-one other asian americans also received the medal during the ceremony  ,  but only seven of them were still alive  .
there is a doctors job in new zealand .
by the end of the 1970s  ,  there were mounting tensions with the indian government and the surrounding society  .
folk music is often accompanied by the ektara  ,  an instrument with only one string  .
she is shocked and disappointed .  she said apple was an incredible company .
at méteren  ,  on 13 october 1914  ,  during an allied counter-offensive  ,  he was shot through the right lung by a sniper and was so badly injured that a grave was dug because he was expected to die  .
this artist does strange things sometimes .
they ask why are cigarettes legal and marijuana illegal ?
three-bedroom ,  two-bath townhouse in arlington lists for $400 , 000 .
even so  ,  he took to the ice  ,  and completed the first period without allowing a goal  .
bernie marcus  ,  arthur blank  ,  ron brill and pat farrah founded the home depot in 1978  .
,  which were both certified gold by the riaa  .
jordan was given his power ring by a dying alien named abin sur  ,  whose spaceship had crashed on earth  .
she travels in a tractor .
man ‘upskirted’ young woman at walmart store in virginia ,  police say .
they are usually cheap and healthy .
virginia tech can’t keep up with oklahoma state in camping world bowl .
the horse and the pig are friends .
pairing with red wines is difficult  ,  as any mushroominess or `` mouldy  taste will bring out the tannins of the wine  .
busoni made a number of piano rolls  ,  and a small number of these have been re-recorded onto cd  .
some of his work still survives today  ,  more so than in the case of any other presocratic philosopher  .
following his time at tennessee  ,  hickman played for the nfl s brooklyn dodgers from 1932 to 1934  .
widow of rancher killed during oregon wildlife-refuge occupation to file lawsuit .
a yellow background signifies that the sign is temporary  .
in canada  ,  for example  ,  parliament uses ( house of commons procedure and practice as its primary procedural authority  .
she doesnt want it .
threats against black students at kean u .  were allegedly made by a student activist .
everybody thinks big toes are good .  it is not true .
if his condition is believed to be true  ,  what he hears at the end of the story may not be the old man s heart but death watch beetles  .
the idea of using the barnstar as a wiki award was created by sunirshah on meatballwiki  .
person killed in fire in town of manheim .
after the world exposed a fraudulent payment of $ 40 million by the united states to the french panama canal company in 1909  ,  pulitzer was indicted for libeling theodore roosevelt and j .  p .  morgan  .
in 2005  ,  disturbed released another album called ten thousand fists  .
agustín edwards eastman ,  chilean publisher who backed pinochet ,  dies at 89 .
ella fitzgerald was born in 1917 in newport news  ,  virginia  ,  united states to william and temperance `` tempie  fitzgerald  .
for 2007  ,  dambrosio took part in the first season of the international formula master series  .
the images included the words carry on cowboy ( the name of a 1965 film )  ,  a rusty dripping tap  ,  a leaping frog  ,  a dove in flight  ,  a skier  ,  and a hand making pottery  .
most of this money is from the famous dress .
when operating over tcp  ,  a host connects to a server that supports the time protocol on tcp port 37  .
these injuries may be in the form of burns and bruises  .
kidman was then pinned and eliminated by rey mysterio  .
other features may include a runny nose and swelling of the mucous membrane on the surface of the eye and eyelid ( conjunctiva )  .
buildings are destroyed .
jennifer love hewitt ( born february 21  ,  1979 ) is an american actress and singer  .
police watch them .
vre spotsylvania station to open monday .
vernon and irene castle are interred together in the woodlawn cemetery in the bronx  ,  new york  .
bayern munich threatens season-ticket holders with cancellation of tickets .
in this taxonomic scheme  ,  moths belong to the suborder heterocera  .
his early musical training had been on playing the piano and organ and working as a church chorister  .
from taunton  ,  they moved on to wells  ,  where they were joined by the seventh baron audley  ,  an able soldier  .
at the end of each episode  ,  jennifer herself will perform the theme song that inspired that episode  .
these included the geologist george william featherstonhaugh who purchased fossils for the newly opened new york lyceum of natural history in 1827  .
kate moss cant wear some clothes because of her ``bow legs .
foreign student arrested on link with banned outfit .
d . c .  police captain charged with dui after accident in se washington .
they evolved into the first large watches by the 16th century  .
researchers said loneliness could be more dangerous than obesity .
there is a terror attack in egypt .
uk needs to employ 21 , 000 it staff by 2050 .
this makes other people angry .
the trade with the caribbean later collapsed in the aftermath of the war of 1812  ,  when many saffron-transporting merchant vessels were destroyed  .
canadiens recall greg pateryn .
the city was a part of baltimore county until 1851  .
battle to banish islamic state from mosul could become a mess .
the parents collect around a hundred thousand pounds .
facebook launching news reading service for mobile ?  .
people are angry at their president .
archaeologists found a big cemetery under the sand near cairo .
the symbol is found on the isle of man  ,  and earlier on sicily  .
chris christie signs bill banning ex-gay therapy to minors .
chicago was incorporated as a city in 1837  ,  near a portage between the great lakes and the mississippi river watershed  .
some of these volcanoes  ,  including mount babbington  ,  mount wilson and blue mount are in the wombat forest  .
johnny manziel reportedly preparing to start thursday vs .  the bengals .
a boy sets a new world record .  he is 16 years old .
he was transferred to the acting department of the talent training course and became a tv actor  ,  where he played a few roles in chinese television drama shows  .
today  ,  the adult collector market for action figures is expanding with companies like mcfarlane toys  ,  palisades  ,  and neca . com panies have given numerous movie characters  ,  musicians  ,  and athletes their very first highly detailed figures  .
carlos juan finlay ( december 3  ,  1833 - august 20  ,  1915 ) was a cuban physician and scientist who started the interest in yellow fever research  .
later on  ,  warner bros .   .
the uwa rural clinical school sends fifth-year medical students to study for a year in albany  ,  derby  ,  broome  ,  port hedland  ,  karratha  ,  geraldton  ,  bunbury  ,  narrogin  ,  esperance  ,  or kalgoorlie  .
in modern times  ,  a dictator s rule is not stopped by any laws  ,  constitutions  ,  or other social and political institutions  .
the province of east pakistan  ,  consisted of east bengal  ,  ( now bangladesh ) was renamed east pakistan with the provincial capital at dacca  .
elkanah settle ( 1648-1724 ) was an english poet and playwright  .
sirenia is a gothic metal band from stavanger  ,  norway  ,  founded in early 2001  .
a thunder upset over the warriors hinges on kevin durant vs .  andre iguodala .
these were given aa-guns  ,  two tankettes and twelve of the 24 operational armored cars  .
callisto has long been considered the most suitable place for humans to settle for future exploration of the jovian system  .
are doctors prescribing generic drugs often enough ?  this group says no .  .
he was a theatre director ,  too .  alan rickman dies .
okinawa murder dominates talks between obama and abe .
she said in vanity fair in 2009 that she has joined oceana as a celebrity spokesperson  .
eventually the development of separate  ,  underground water and sewage systems got rid of open sewage ditches and cesspools  .
there were groups of short  ,  parallel  ,  vertical lines to both sides of the lumbar spine  ,  a cross-shaped mark behind the right knee  ,  and various marks around both ankles  .
it is 32 fouettés en tournant performed without stopping  .
they say that parents should not smack their children .
however  ,  pilate handed jesus over to be crucified so that the crowd would not get angry ( matthew 27:24 -26 ) and that he could keep his job  .
because louis was so young  ,  his mother ruled france as regent while he was a child  .
the olmec were the first civilization in the ancient area known as mesoamerica  .
later  ,  objects were found orbiting the lagrangian points of neptune  ,  mars  ,  and earth  .
a researcher said working times should change .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
a panda at the national zoo may have arthritis .
chinese universities scramble to open centers to study president xi jinping thought .
philipp grubauer has bumpy first start .
sections of l and m streets in southeast d . c .  reopen .
companies could add up to 3 lines of information to the listing  .
she said a teacher told her not to go to school with brown hair .
the dead people were migrants .  they were from myanmar and bangladesh .
the lawyer asks first ,  what is the distance between our planet and the nearest star ? with no word ,  the blonde gives him 5 dollars .
nasa has tested martian gardens .
modern constructions use secure techniques such as optimal asymmetric encryption padding ( oaep ) to protect messages while preventing these attacks  .
mark zuckerberg is the ceo of facebook .  he comes to congress .
robert mugabe is the country’s president .  he is 92 years old .
baltimore officer charged in freddie gray case testifies in fellow officer’s trial .
senate majority leader harry reid hospitalized .
after he was fired  ,  austin expressed his opinion on being fired by eric bischoff over the phone as having taken the coward s way out  .
scientists will now make their own materials to get water from the air .
people on buses usually travel a long way .  they are not in a hurry and they do not need to get to their final point .
the southern part  ,  called sottoceneri  ,  is the region around the lake lugano  .
there he signed a five-year contract that will last until june 2016  .
the washington post to host conversations with musicians ,  farmers at farm aid 2016 .
it was the ninth tropical storm  ,  fourth hurricane and second strong hurricane of the 2006 atlantic hurricane season  .
it looks shocking ,  but the boys are fine
the song debuted at number-three on the billboard hot 100 singles  chart and later peaked at number-two  .
it costs them 12 billion dollars .
north sydney woman sentenced .
missouri player charged with assault .
it shows you what is under the car .
google doodle celebrates the life of celia cruz .
some deadly takata air bags may need to be replaced twice to ensure safety .
the boeing model 40 was a mail plane  .
the lowest atmospheric pressure recorded from the storm was 1009 mbar ( hpa ; 29 . 81 inhg )  .
he serves as board member at the free knowledge institute  ,  the open web foundation and is member of the p2p foundation  ,  where he coordinates and design projects  .
cfpb releases annual report on fair debt collection practices act .
james storm suffers injury at fridays house show .
he began lessons with professor zhu ya-fen at age three  .
lavigne said the album was about `` life   .
rupee opens at 63 . 15: .
joey marburger named a digiday changemaker: media .
cameron joins up aboard the russian research ship  ,  `` akademik mstislav keldysh   ,  with a group of nasa scientists  ,  as well as some russian marine biologists  ,  to investigate ten hydrothermal vents in both the atlantic and pacific  .
north korea has tested many missiles .
the cells were approximately 3 metres long by 2 . 7 metres wide and 4 metres high  .
he also has made over 75 albums  ,  15 of which are grammy award winners  .
to drive  ,  the player can either drive one of the many vehicles that are on the road  ,  a feature taken from grand theft auto 3  ,  or use a phone booth to choose a car  .
nursery and delivery rooms at d . c . ’s public hospital will not reopen .
in 2008 head coaches from the men s soccer  ,  baseball  ,  women s gymnastics  ,  and women s golf programs had all been named the conference `` coach of the year  .
paul wolfe ,  crew chief for keselowski ,  talks about nscs meeting .
north dakota pipeline protesters rally in d . c . : ‘water is sacred to us . ’ .
in recognition of this work  ,  he was awarded three honorary doctorates  ,  by columbia university  ,  college of william and mary and south carolina college  .
the term modern art is usually associated with art in which the traditions of the past have been thrown aside in a spirit of experimentation  .
this situation caused the three royalist representatives  ,  grol-subasic-juraj sutej  ,  to secede from the provisional government indeed voting was on a single list of people s front candidates with provision for opposition votes to be cast in separate voting boxes but this procedure made electors identifiable by ozna agents  .
tony romo is reportedly ‘healed’ and ready to play in week 11 .
house and senate leaders quash hopes for a new authorization to fight islamic state .
we know this because the tomb is nice .
vera bradley recalls 98 , 000 bear rattles and bunny stuffed toys due to choking hazard .
engineers have made a thin material from glass and plastic .
taxpayers bilked in kickback scheme .
drew hunter ,  kate murphy set mile records as locals dominate millrose games .
the uk uses too much gas .
pedestrian seriously injured in crash with vehicle in wheaton .
storylines to watch as the capitals open their busiest stretch of the season .
marlin perkins  ,  who later gained fame as the host of the television program wild kingdom  ,  was director of the zoo from 1944 until 1962  .
the amber is 100 million years old .
raleigh is known as the `` city of oaks  for its many oak trees  .
greg lake ,  who co-founded rock band emerson ,  lake and palmer ,  dies at 69 .
even these early theriodonts were more mammal-like than their relatives  .
after near miss in va .  governor’s race ,  corey stewart says he will challenge sen .  tim kaine in 2018 .
the towers owner wanted to make something that other buildings didnt have .
an american vessel collides with a japanese ship .
vera rubin ,  astronomer who verified existence of dark matter ,  dies at 88 .
his commentary was also the second sanskrit commentary on prasthanatrayi of ramananda sampradaya  ,  an the first was made by ramananda himself and it was named ānandabhāṣyam  .
saudi will spend $64 billion on entertainment in the next 10 years .
khayelitsha needs more police stations .
the silence in black and white is the first album released by hawthorne heights  .
for example  ,  the first chapters of some well-known novels are titled : many novels of great length do not have chapters  .
kathy vavrick-obrien and rob `` boston rob  mariano named the new tribe `` soliantu   ,  a name they made up that means `` sacred allegiance to the sun   .
the global handwashing day took place for the first time on october 15  ,  2008  ,  the date appointed by united nations general assembly to go along with the year 2008 as the international year of sanitation  .
the show features nine spoiled young women who thought they were going to be in the series on a show called the the good life  .
the olympics start there on the 5th of august .  this is the first time that the olympics are in south america .  however ,  there are some problems .
adam jacobs and courtney reed will co-star in disneys aladdin; .
forget trump and clinton .  ‘black jeopardy’ is snl’s best political sketch this year .  .
plants use several strategies to defend against damage caused by herbivores  .
about 30 passengers had burns .
in 1710 handel became kapellmeister ( music director ) to george  ,  elector of hanover  ,  who would soon be king george i of great britain  .
switzerland boycotted the 1956 summer olympics in melbourne but the equestrian events for those games were held in stockholm  ,  sweden earlier that year  .
brutus was cremated  ,  and his ashes were sent to his mother  .
the chief priests demanded that jesus be sentenced to death `` because he claimed to be god s son  .
saudi arabia has an embassy in iran .
they go to hospital
lazarus henckel ( or lazarus the elder ) ( 1551-1624 ) was a banker and mine owner  .
biomass includes plant matter grown for use as biofuel  ,  and also includes plant or animal matter used for production of fibers  ,  chemicals or heat  .
if they do not ,  the fines will start .
russell simmons’ rushcard fined $13 million for 2015 outage .
the word `` thesis  comes from the greek θέσις  ,  meaning `` position   ,  and refers to an intellectual proposition  .
vulcans are featured in all six star trek series  ,  four of which featured a vulcan as a main character  .
the state has many mineral deposits - especially gold  ,  diamonds  ,  cassiterite  ,  bauxite and copper  .
high school friend of missing penn student blaze bernstein arrested for his murder .
they use another dog to find this dog .
the strait at its narrowest is 21 nautical miles ( 39 km ) wide  .
everything goes well .  the babies are born .
giving a living/dining room a budget-friendly update .
prince of wales labels pensions industry unfit for purpose .
prince george’s county police dog dies .
at ferry summit ,  a vision emerges for a commuter system along the potomac river .
the place in andalusia with the highest rainfall is in the sierra de grazalema ( 2 , 138 millimetres ( 84 . 2 in ) per year ) and the driest place is cabo de gata  ,  the place with the least amount of rainfall in europe with only 117 millimetres ( 4 . 6 in ) of rain per year  .
jack fails to realize that `` the girl next door   ,  mary preston ( clara bow )  ,  is desperately in love with him  .
he died at the age of 88 in monte carlo a few days after his wife  .
the project s ambition was to digitalize the volumes di 66\/45\/56 \/ 58\/61 and make them available online  .
d . c .  court delays preliminary hearing of pizzagate suspect .
it makes a new bike .
august 1790 - 20 march 1872 ) was an australian poet  ,  explorer  ,  journalist and politician  .
district transportation official arrested for $170 , 000 in undisclosed income .
kim kardashian is caught texting while driving .
k .
harju county ( estonian : harju maakond ) is one of the 15 counties of estonia  .
student at college of william & mary has contracted the zika virus .
on august 6  ,  1978  ,  balukas became the first women to qualify to play in the men s side of the world open pocket billiards championship  .
i am alive so must live: .
charles jones  brother  ,  sam  ,  was in the new south wales legislative assembly  .
he gets 15 .  6 million votes .
this exposure helped make dunham a large theater headliner  ,  a rare accomplishment for a ventriloquist  ,  but by the mid 1990s  ,  his television appearances had dwindled  ,  and with them  ,  so did his stage audiences  .
juanfran turned down arsenal .
in 2006 the derose family sold the company to new owners  .
she played as herself in the police drama television series new york undercover  .
it is 1394 years old .
stephen a .  smith mansplains how to be a good nba wife to ayesha curry .
samael is sometimes confused in some books with camael  ,  an archangel of god  ,  whose name means `` he who sees god   .
the wind blows at the speed of 60 miles per hour (97 kilometres per hour) .
the baby tapir is brown .
the making of the washington post magazine cover: turning a light bulb from cliche to iconic .
white house asks for $30 billion in emergency disaster aid .
trump administration not sending a delegation to syria peace talks .
they say that teenage girls are too young for this .
the washington post to launch constitutional ,  a follow-up to the presidential podcast .
each march takes about five minutes to play  .
nish argues that `` a foreign scholar of japan is often only a middleman attempting to distill the ideas of japanese scholars   .
fairfax’s jessica mukai stifles westfield in a thriller ,  2-1 .
they enjoy the snow there .
this means that the emissions are high .
charles  ,  prince of wales opened the new gallery on 12 april 2000  .
thorne s first movie appearance was as a sidelines fan in the 2003 movie stuck on you  ,  but she was not credited for it  .
north korea said trumps words were nonsense .
the cop gets out of the car and catches the man .  the man is pulled to safety .
as michaels was about to submit  ,  triple h would save the match  .
the river and its tributaries flow through the second largest rain forest area in the world  ,  second only to the amazon rainforest in south america  .
there are multiple variations mla ,  apa ,  chicago ,  vancouver ,  etc .
french almanacs promptly reintroduced the name herschel for uranus and leverrier for the new planet  .
chessmaster is a series of chess-playing computer games  .
it cost $3 .
the city was made famous for its heroic resistance and extensive damage during the battle of stalingrad during world war ii  .
the national parks of new zealand are 14 protected areas that are looked after by the department of conservation `` for the benefit  ,  use  ,  and enjoyment of the public   .
va .  democrats kill hospital bill after gop senator rebuffs them on medicaid .
during that time  ,  he was viewed as a big prospect and he earned wins over lucha libre legend negro casas in july 2000 and american scott hall in september 2001  .
they help the planet
the countries worked hard on this deal .  it will be very good for smaller companies .
seventy pets take part in the competition .  they are dogs ,  cats ,  and a guinea pig .
to date  ,  lawrence bragg is the youngest nobel laureate  .
frank morgan ( june 1  ,  1890 - september 18  ,  1949 ) was an american actor  .
the nail is moving in his heart .  he can feel it .
mann also created the special vocal effects on the classic movie born to be wild  ,  made in 1995  .
she played the title role in cleopatra  ,  and married her costar richard burton  .
the broads  ,  and some nearby land were made into a special protected area ( like a national park ) by the norfolk and suffolk broads act of 1988  .
it is the largest city in that country and one of the largest cities on the sahara desert  .
ducks show a cosmopolitan distribution  ,  they can be found all over the world  ,  except for antarctica  .
the arondissement consists of four communes ( like municipalities ) : port-de-paix  ,  bassin bleu  ,  chansolme and tortuga island  .
accounts with usernames that violate the username policy are often blocked indefinitely  ,  regardless of their changing behavior  .
following the age of discovery  ,  through missionary work and colonization  ,  christianity spread to the americas and the rest of the world  .
with an evening rocket launch ,  nasa hopes to color the skies red and green .
during my life ,  i had a lot of contact with many serious people .
you also have a great view of manhattan
archeologists in nepal say they have unearthed oldest buddhist shrine .
beyti is a restaurant in istanbul  ,  turkey  .
by 19 july 1916 murray s 53rd battalion were in the first fighting by the australian imperial force on the western front  .
adopt a pet in montgomery county .
babatunde osotimehin ,  who led u . n .  population agency ,  dies at 68 .
maryland to use federal grant to reduce incidents of lead poisoning and asthma in residences .
a new single parliament and government  ,  based in westminster in london  ,  controlled the new country  .
hardwicke acted at the bristol old vic  ,  the oxford playhouse  ,  and the nottingham playhouse  .
bobby heenan ,  quick-witted promoter of the bad boys of wrestling ,  dies at 72 .
a street was named `` rue du commandant cousteau  in a street which runs near his native house  ,  where a commemorative plaque was affixed  .
she was the middle child  ,  with an older sister named mary maude and younger sister named florence fitch  .
georgetown to interview patrick ewing for coaching vacancy .
he buys a bottle of champagne .  he says that he does not want to play scrabble for the rest of the year
tom laughlin star creator of billy jack anti establishment icon gone at 82 .
part of the festival has an interesting sport .  it is called yak polo .
ray thomas ,  whose band the moody blues helped forge a new psychedelic sound ,  dies at 76 .
valais became independent again in 1813 and on august 4  ,  1815 decided to join the swiss confederation as a canton ( state )  .
bay bridge to close for five days .
dr .  staci l .  beavers  ,  associate professor of political science at california state university  ,  san marcos  ,  wrote a short essay  ,  the west wing as a pedagogical tool  ,  concerning the viability of the west wing as a teaching tool  .
the refit costs 2 .
however ,  people bring the mace back later on .  they do not know why the thieves do this
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
it is a small type of dolphin .
he is now 14 kilograms .  he is 120 centimetres long .
seven species of frogs live on the islands  .
the bones are around 90 million years old .  the bones are important to the scientists .
school system weighs regulations that would protect transgender student rights .
after a crushing defeat ,  sen .  tim kaine looks ahead .
to settle the dispute on to who the rightful champion was  ,  smackdown general manager  ,  theodore long  ,  announced another match between the two at night of champions  ,  which was accepted by both competitors  .
shortage of saline causes hospitals ,  dialysis centers to scramble to manage supply .
at last  ,  you kill olaf  ,  then you have to make a choice : follow the hawk and the hammer  ,  or the lamb and the king  .
the $ 3 million  ,  120 , 000 square foot ( 11 , 000 m ² ) plant will employ 45 and assemble 2 , 000 trucks a year when it begins production  .
massive lava stream exploding into ocean in hawaii .
however  ,  behavior which enhances the fitness of relatives but lowers that of the actor  ,  may nonetheless increase in frequency  .
this was the opposite of the policy of the federal labor government led by james scullin  .
hannibal needed to cross the pyrenees  ,  the alps  ,  and many important rivers  .
he also said women who wore burkas look absolutely ridiculous .
the dna differences between head lice and body lice provide corroborating evidence that humans started wearing clothes at approximately 70 , 000 bce  .
jaganmohan reddy walks out of jail after 16 months .
the three novels have won awards  ,  including the 2001 whitbread book of the year prize  ,  won by the amber spyglass  .
because people grew as years went by  ,  a medical faculty was added to the university  ,  begun in 1669 by emperor leopold i  ,  making it the first of its kind in the alpine region  .
she formed a publishing deal  ,  as a songwriter  ,  with sony\/atv music publishing in december 2007  .
willis andrew mcgahee  ,  iii ( born october 21  ,  1981 ) is an american football running back for the denver broncos of the national football league ( nfl )  .
a uk leader says that nail salons need licenses .  this can help stop this kind of crime
email reminder website presents 5 email marketing tips .
he is best known for his play-by-play work with the detroit lions and detroit tigers  .
the only settlement is edinburgh of the seven seas ( known locally as `` the settlement of edinburgh  or  ,  more common  ,  just `` the settlement  )  .
gop candidates flip-flop on the release of americans from iranian jails .
it is also the highest volcano in ecuador .  it is 6 , 000 metres high .
similarly  ,  mikhail lomonosov compared different languages groups of the world including slavic  ,  baltic  ,  iranian  ,  finnish  ,  chinese  ,  hottentot and others  .
cameron visits british troops in afghanistan .
they help him for 39 days .  it looked serious ,  but the giraffe got better .
humas honeymoon photos went viral .
wis .  makes changes to walleye limits at some lakes .
pr .  george’s lawmakers are proposing these bills in annapolis .
house republicans move ahead with plan to shift 38 , 000 faa workers .
it is used for human s to eat in the russian federation and japan  ,  fresh or frozen  .
since publication of the novel  ,  the name `` frankenstein  is often used to refer to the monster itself  .
the nearest railway station is burton upon trent which is five miles away  .
natalie portman (finally) had her baby .
man arrested after public order incident in bentham .
death of fire victim ruled a homicide in the district .
pork industry says not to worry about a bacon shortage .
they use the pictures to make a model .  there’s a conference in london .
aisha sheppard ,  st .  john’s topple paul vi to win an elusive wcac title .
the match ends when one wrestler remains in the ring  .
are you a star wars fan ?  well ,  we have some great news for you .  the film franchise is becoming a reality .
no qualifying times set in morning heats .
he has studied a wide range of subjects in economic theory  ,  such as game theory  ,  the economics of incentives  ,  and contract theory  .
the uk commercial cd single was canceled at the last minute  .
maryann graduated from san jose state college in 1970 and taught english at los altos high school until 1977  .
the latest: parole recommended for charles manson follower .
additionally ,  papers written by academic writers demonstrate you how to articulate ideas on paper ,  use different sources judiciously or cite properly .
senate democrats criticize gop for twisting the rules to silence warren .
one is his brother .  the team wants to win for great britain .
as of may 2013 ( update )  ,  he was the director of genocide research at zoryan institute  .
in a westminster system of parliamentary government  ,  the governor nearly always acts on the advice of the head of the elected government  ,  the premier of victoria  .
entertainment  ,  a subsidiary of time warner  ,  majority owner of the wb  .
quality matcha is very green because of this treatment  .
benoit won the match  ,  doing the crippler crossface  ,  making triple h let him win after that  .
streicher was not a member of the military and was not part of planning the holocaust  ,  the invasion of poland  ,  or the soviet invasion  .
it is a very strong storm .
10 preguntas sobre las primarias de las presidenciales 2016 en estados unidos .
other signs include jugular venous distension ( enlargement of the jugular veins )  ,  peripheral edema ( swelling of the ankles and feet )  ,  ascites ( abdominal swelling due to the accumulation of fluid )  ,  hepatojugular reflux  ,  and clubbing  .
panel recommends evaluation system for michigan public school teachers ,  administrators .
will the supreme court add to the turmoil on america’s college campuses ?  .
the angel gabriel tells her that for allah all things are easy and the birth of jesus will be a sign for mankind  .
males deposit sperm packages rather than fertilising the female internally  .
people play a football match in santiago de chile .
vesuvius has erupted many times after that  .
in 2011  ,  ddt released the album otherwise  .
tamar braxton says a woman told her vincent herbert got her pregnant .
this is the first time that this will happen .  the group hopes that it will win .
father and son killed in single vehicle accident .
the dominican city of baní is the head municipality of the peravia province  ,  on the south of the country  ,  close to the caribbean sea  .
in the 18th and 19th centuries the people built many important buildings : schools  ,  churches and a theater  .
sometimes  ,  guest hosts substituted for moore  ,  including panelists morgan and palmer  .
there were over 30 , 500 flights between the two cities last year .
the animal had 12 arms at the front
northeast washington man arrested in connection with robbery and beating on the red line .
at national chrysanthemum society’s annual show ,  a hobby slowly fades into the past .
`` if we succeed in establishing the text of ( the archetype )  ,  the reconstruction of the original is considerably advanced   .
celebrity chef paula deen to visit alabama town to help raise money for hospital .
london is vulnerable to flooding  .
on 30 june 1747 pope benedict xiv conferred him with tonsure and created him cardinal-deacon of s .  maria in portico in special consistory held on the 3 july 1747  .
a cheese fondue would be kept at a temperature warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not at a great heat to cause burning  .
the first person to hold the torch is the professor .  the second person is the robot
scrooge !  kim zolciak & kroy biermann sued over $6k holiday decorations .
james marshall hendrix ( november 27  ,  1942 - september 18  ,  1970 )  ,  was an american guitarist  ,  singer and songwriter  .
this type of fossilization gives information about plant life in the upper carboniferous ( 325 to 280 million years ago )  .
they became `` the first legally married inter-racial couple in mississippi   .
the owner stops moving .
lópez was born in illinois  .
the many ,  many places you see ryan seacrest .
australian market set to open flat .
caustic soda rises on tight supply .
on 6 january 2011  ,  karthikeyan announced that he will drive for the hispania team in the 2011 season  ,  karthikeyan confirmed the deal via his twitter page  .
they send it to the company .  the company makes a pink leg for the doll .
tracking northeastward  ,  the depression eventually developed enough convection to be declared tropical depression 02w by the jtwc on april 4  .
anna moffo ( june 27  ,  1932 - march 9  ,  2006 ) was an italian american operatic soprano particularly associated with lyric-coloratura roles in italian and french operas  ,  she was admired as much for her vocal gifts as her great beauty and affecting stage presence  .
it occupies the western third of hispaniola ; the dominican republic occupies the eastern two-thirds of the island  .
one man is alive .  people take him to hospital .
in 2010 he became manager of the first squad which reached the title in the first league and was promoted to the austrian bundesliga  .
jains have an ancient tradition of scholarship and have the highest degree of literacy in india ; jain libraries are the oldest in the country  .
third suspect still wanted by police in fatal shooting of college-bound student ,  prosecutors say .
3 juno is a main belt asteroid discovered by karl ludwig harding on september 1  ,  1804  .
yordy reyna played his first game for red bull slazburg in a friendly match where he had a great performance and scored the game-winning goal  .
his parents got him a very small violin and started giving him lessons  .
it shows his healthy face in the beginning .
workers find body in south side field .
the white tentacles ( acrorhagi ) are for fighting  .
poll: clinton leads trump ,  aided by obama coalition .
visitors worried about the boys safety .
it has often been noted for its complex lightcurves  ,  which made finding its shape and rotation somewhat hard  .
he joined in the united states marine corps in 1963  ,  and served as a marine in the vietnam war  ,  where he was seriously injured in 1965 near da nang - his right arm shattered and partially paralyzed  .
in 1866  ,  he succeeded his father as the director of el mercurio de valparaíso  .
he was caught the next day  ,  but he had killed the horse and cut out the brand to destroy the evidence  .
in denver  ,  she also met morris meyerson  ,  a sign painter  ,  whom she later married at the age of 19  .
mitchellville man identified as victim in fatal holiday weekend shooting .
it tells the story of a family living in st .  louis  ,  missouri at the time of the louisiana purchase exposition world s fair in 1904  .
both of the band members come from yokohama in the kanagawa prefecture  .
i am telling you these details about asteroid b-612 and i am telling you its number because adults like numbers .
she went on to get the ladies title by winning the free skate with a score of 123 . 95  .
they cannot phone each other .
wikivoyage is written by the collaboration of wikivoyagers from around the world  .
day-care operator appears in court ,  charged with killing 6-month-old girl .
this chart shows how the french election is a break from the past .
german police arrest five men for recruiting islamic state members .
the student films the salamander .  he also calls the police .
will massachusetts become the second state to ban fracking ?  .
he also had a leading role in sci-fi\/action movie no escape  .
the women s football tournament at the 2012 summer olympics was held in london and 5 other cities in the united kingdom  .
there was great diversity in languages  ,  religion  ,  and cultural heritage  .
singer ed sheeran is taking a break from social media .
one of the original collections of frost materials is found in the special collections department of the jones library in amherst  ,  massachusetts  .
pierre died after a carriage accident in paris on 19 april 1906  .
a games designer said video games should be in the olympics .
two held up at knifepoint in brighton .
outside the temple  ,  the king and high priest join with neptune s priests to pray that the god will be kind and merciful  .
with the fall of the nazi regime in 1945  ,  the horst-wessel-lied was banned  ,  and both the lyrics and the tune remain illegal in germany and austria to this day except for educational and scholarly uses ( under sections 86 and 86a of the strafgesetzbuch )  .
the cinnabar moth ( tyria jacobaeae ) is a brightly colored arctiid moth  .
in the united states federal government  ,  the secretary of state is the head of the united states department of state  ,  and is responsible for foreign policy  .
iran orders release of 19 indian fishermen .
it pays us$265 , 000 a year .
ali s harsh reign in sudan  ,  and that of his immediate successors  ,  led eventually to the popular independence struggle of the self-proclaimed mahdi  ,  muhammad ahmad  ,  in 1881  .
the suiko period was an era of 25 years during the asuka period of japanese history  .
jeremy bentham changed the term ipse-dixit into the word ipse-dixitism  .
a fatal case of bird flu reported from canada .
calvin harris is worlds highest paid dj .
in 2005-06 the herthaner finished 6th  ,  and qualified for the uefa cup by defeating fk moskva in the intertoto cup  .
avatar : the last airbender takes place in a world that is home to humans  ,  fantastic animals  ,  and spirits  .
chopin suffered from poor health most of his life and died of tuberculosis paris in 1849 at age 39  .
the endocrine system is an information signal system like the nervous system  ,  yet its effects and mechanism are different  .
in 1994 shirov married  ,  and later divorced  ,  verónica alvarez  ,  moved to tarragona  ,  and became a citizen of spain  .
france may deport fans as russia is penalized over soccer hooligans .
olympic torch launched into space .
the owner says ,  hm ,  sorry ,  it was 3 .
at the age of 18  ,  sylvia left home in what was a rebellious phase  .
are the jefferson memorial and the washington monument next ?  .
missing maryland man found dead in montgomery county park .
drivers have commented that the consistent placement of corners allows them to easily learn the circuit and achieve competitive times  .
the lighthouses are located in the city of virginia beach  .
the temperature of the inner core is estimated as 5 , 700 k ( 5 , 430 ° c ; 9 , 800 ° f )  .
they said the fight for women to rise up and be heard in male-dominated workplaces must end .
biological control  ,  or biological pest control  ,  is the reduction of pest populations by using natural enemies  .
they are : it can be broken down to `` buffaloa buffalon buffaloa buffalon buffalov buffalov buffaloa buffalon   ,  where `` a  is adjective  ,  `` n  is noun  ,  and `` v  is verb  .
og&e warns customers of scam .
space world is going to take out the ice rink .
bahrain fails to attract indian doctors .
she said it was `` utterly recognizable and authentic   ,  and thought robb and hutcherson were `` perfectly cast   .
bitcoin rallies above $700 as prices continue to rebound .
the district was established in 1972 by merging four old districts ( osnabrück  ,  melle  ,  bersenbrück  ,  wittlage )  .
those who advocate these measures are concerned with the later phases of product lifecycle and the comprehensive outcome of the whole production process  .
tambora s 1815 outburst was the largest volcanic eruption in recorded history  .
shoppers search for boxing day deals .
bridges of this type were suitable for use since the inca people did not use wheeled transport - traffic was limited to pedestrians and livestock  .
since the 1970s  ,  sports clubs are organised separately by each language community  .
it shows a man and a dog .  they are riding on a motorbike .
obama ,  biden and the daily show’s trevor noah to join house democrats at baltimore retreat .
robert mueller can’t save us .
theodor holm nelson ( ted nelson  ,  born 1937 ) is an american sociologist  ,  philosopher  ,  and pioneer of information technology  .
other important cities are siquirres  ,  puerto viejo de talamanca  ,  and guápiles  .
it is a wristband called the pavlok .
this is when people spend time in the army before work or university .
for example  ,  mixing magenta and green in acrylic creates a dark cyan - something which would not happen if the mixing process were perfectly subtractive  .
circus owners said they understand the publics feeling .
the new england patriots won their first super bowl by defeating the st .  louis rams  ,  20-17  .
j . j .  alcantara joins emerging news products team .
when the festival is over ,  the sculptures will turn into water
tropical storm katrina soon weakened back to a depression  .
what does a see-through car look like ?  would you like to know ?  well ,  you are lucky .
milanković made two fundamental contributions to science  .
they released it album on may 18 .
at least 50 gunshots fired at apartment complex in southeast washington .
it is between iran and the west .  trump wants to pull out of the deal .  he says that it is very bad .
it follows the same path as irma
after an automobile accident cut short his career in naval aviation  ,  cousteau changed to studying the sea  .
supreme court considers whether those facing deportation can be held indefinitely .
copyright meant the bulgarian national radio (bnr) could not play pop music .
police: juvenile stabbed 46-year-old man to death .
he says that he learned the importance of freedom while in jail .  he wants the malaysian people to be free .
one of the visitors hopes that everyone in the world is always healthy .
they release a video .
the earliest experiments like this were performed more than a century ago another way is to evaluate the earthquake performance analytically  .
it is a roman fortress .  it protected a roman road .
at one point he was the world s second most successful player  ,  with a string of tournament victories behind him  .
he wants to help the driver .  he jumps into his car through an open window .
after the second world war bad aibling has evolved to a major center for intelligence organizations and secret services  .
this way ,  each person has a moomin for a while
they use tunnels ,  drones and other small planes
for example  ,  a temperate grassland or shrubland biome is known commonly as steppe in central asia  ,  savanna or veld in southern africa  ,  prairie in north america  ,  pampa in south america and outback or scrub in australia  .
30 , 000 people sign the petition
aldous leonard huxley ( 26 july 1894 - 22 november 1963 ) was an english writer  ,  and one of the most prominent members of the famous huxley family  .
croatia were best early on .  they looked like scoring first .
commuter digest: metro plans monthly inspection of cables .
nelson mandela discharged from hospital .
d . c .  police seek two men in kidnapping ,  sexually assaulting woman in southeast .
renault shows an electric sports car .
other than its orbit  ,  radius of 21 km and geometric albedo of 0 . 08  ,  almost nothing is known about it  .
he lost the weight during training camp  ,  but dieting left him weak while hitting  .
keira knightley tired of characters dying .
watch planes land in thick fog and near-zero visibility at heathrow airport .
this is because many of his musical works would reflect his interest in far-off and interesting places  .
the tag team championship became apart of the raw brand only  ,  leaving the smackdown  !
newlyweds huma mobin and arsalaan sever from pakistan wanted to go to greece for their second honeymoon .
it locates them in 5 seconds .  people test the system .
she thinks that we also need a green woman .
people keep the little pelicans in a brooder .
he spent his childhood and teen years in the care of his grandmother  ,  who often let him watch old horror movies instead of going to school  .
scientists thought we had 400 billion trees ,  but we have three trillion .
nottoway plantation is a plantation house in a town called white castle in the state of louisiana  .
by the early 1900s thousands of hectares of eucalyptus were planted with the encouragement of the state government  .
its administrative center is the locality ( a village ) of bolshaya vyla  .
doctors in bangladesh do a first operation on him .  they operate on his right hand .
shepard was in a coma and suffered fractures to the back of his head and the front of his right ear  .
mhc class i molecules are main way cells display viral or tumor antigens to cytotoxic t-cells  .
praise for the chief: trump’s cabinet tells him it’s an ‘honor’ and ‘blessing’ to serve .
a master teacher went to court to challenge her low evaluation .  what her win means for her profession .  .
federal safety officials blame engineer fatigue for two new york-area commuter train crashes .
earmuffs are objects that are made to cover and protect a person s ears  .
school boards elect new officers .
as a primitive turtle  ,  odontochelys differed from modern turtles in several ways  .
jethou is a small island that is part of the bailiwick of guernsey in the channel islands  .
shadow of a doubt is a 1943 movie directed by alfred hitchcock starring theresa wright and joseph cotton  .
there he was inspired by the impressionist and pointillist artists  ,  and also by the possibilities of working in iron and glass  .
the boss said he wants to connect the whole world .
there are southern lights in new zealand .  a camera films them .
ali abdullah saleh ,  yemen’s authoritarian leader snared in proxy-war intrigue ,  dies at 75 .
it was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the leaning tower of pisa  .
he is only five years old .
in the context of witchcraft  ,  `` broomstick  is likely to refer to the broom as a whole  .
lu is married to lian hsiang  ,  who is also a vajra master  .
he started studying law at age 16  .
in the united kingdom  ,  72 members of the european parliament ( meps ) were elected using proportional representation  .
they do not have names .  their mother takes very good care of them .
it was a memorial to steve jobs .
joacim had to be taken to a hospital  ,  where he had plastic surgery and rested for a couple of days  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
the nickname  ,  urging a comparison of this rather obese figurine to the classical image of `` venus   ,  causes resistance in some modern analysis  .
his parents were both deaf  ,  and he learned sign language at an early age so that he could communicate with them  .
late-night laughs: trumps address to congress .
there is a beauty contest in china .  it is not about beautiful people .
books are better than newspapers and magazines .
in facebook post ,  ben carson dismisses attacks that he’s too inexperienced to lead .
off-duty maryland state trooper faces dui charges after cecil county crash .
there are two caves giving access to the sea  ,  as well as a crater  .
because of his skill and well known road partners  ,  moore s name began to be known in the billiard world  .
individual rolls of 135 film are enclosed in single-spool  ,  light-tight  ,  metal cassettes  .
house democrats urge white house to lift ban on information sharing .
their daughter theodora rose was born on september 18  ,  2012  .
the term megacaldera is sometimes used for calderas which are quite similar to supervolcanoes  ,  such as the blake river megacaldera complex in the abitibi greenstone belt of ontario and quebec  ,  canada  .
12 things i learned from the fbi report on hillary clinton’s private email server .
the head and face were so well-preserved that he was mistaken at the time of discovery for a recent murder victim  .
the lead single `` no te pido flores  ( i m not asking for flowers ) also spent 7 weeks at # 1 on the hot 100 billboard charts in latin america  ,  colombia  ,  peru  ,  venezuela  ,  and mexico  ,  and has received a numerous amount of airplay in latin radio in the us  .
when the robber leaves ,  the man catches him .
when the hockey hall of fame was created in 1945  ,  stuart was one of the first twelve players put in the hall ; his brother bruce would also be elected into the hall of fame in 1961  .
gomphotherium stood around 3 metres ( 9 . 8 ft ) high with an estimated weight of 4-5 tons  ,  and looked similar to a modern elephant  .
glenfield and kennedy still survives albeit with a fraction of its former workforce  ,  which at its height numbered in the thousands  .
during mcgraw s childhood  ,  his family moved so his father could become a psychologist  .
earthquake engineering research institute or eeri is a technical society in spreading of earthquake engineering research information both in the u . s .  and globally  .
his poems have appeared in literary journals in the u . s .  and in the twentieth-century american poetry  ,  contemporary american poetry  ,  and writing poems  .
his father was a german teacher  ,  so zamenhof learned that language from an early age and spoke the language fluently  .
there is a reference to another woman and other paintings
the map is remarkably similar to modern geological maps of england  .
when summer temperatures can go up over 45 degrees celsius ,  there is a need for a machine that is ok with hot weather and can stop fire .
this means the disease should be treated sooner .
he finished the year seventh in the italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at valencia  .
ed gillespie favored in 2017 republican primary for virginia governor ,  poll finds .
diamond stone scores 39 as maryland rallies past penn state ,  70-64 .
people are in the streets of california ,  usa .  they are saying not my president .
also on the island were 68 u . s .  navy staff and about 1 , 221 civilian workers  .
the museum includes a zoo  ,  a museum of vernacular architecture  ,  a craft center  ,  and displays including dinosaur skeletons and the tree of ténéré  .
maryland bill to terminate the parental rights of rapists clears a key hurdle in senate .
she was the mother to the first six of his children  .
the water balloon is on a boat .  the boat is in a pool .
since the molecule has multiple negative charges at physiological ph  ,  a cation is present in salts of chondroitin sulfate  .
ion cannons are used in many science-fiction movies and television series  .
his first race  ,  in 2009 at australia ended on lap 24 with brake failure  .
u . s .  embassy stops issuing nonimmigrant visas to russians as diplomatic standoff deepens .
after it takes off ,  it crashes 25 minutes later .
it shows a destroyed city .  there are turkish flags on the buildings .
its decline has been measured more accurately than its rise  ,  because of better scientific studies  .
the sprouse brothers both had voice roles in the animated movie  ,  holidaze : the christmas that almost did nt happen along with brenda song and emily osment  .
in shawnee s case  ,  it was the western edge bordering the ohio river  .
he comes back 30 seconds later .
the northern end of kanata is west of the ottawa river  .
springfield man apparently killed himself after attacking wife with an ax .
the spiny mouse should never be picked up by its tail and should be handled with care to avoid a degloving injury  .
piccadilly is a major street in central london  ,  running from hyde park corner in the west to piccadilly circus in the east  .
peiper s unit was delayed and his vehicles needed fuel  .
people make a movie about alan turing .
when conscription ( men were ordered into the army ) was started and food and fuel supplies restricted  ,  the co-op societies began to suffer  .
maids’ riot at luxury high-rise reignites debate over domestic labor in india .
prostitution is sometimes called the `` world s oldest profession   .
the man films all this .
very hot lava flies out of the volcano .
it includes the minerals aluminium and fluorine with the chemical formula al2sio4 ( f  ,  oh ) 2  .
timothy goebel ( born september 10  ,  1980 in evanston  ,  illinois ) is an american figure skater  .
in 1901 he became deputy assistant adjutant general  .
she is best remembered for her role in the fronde  ,  bringing the famous lully to the king s court  ,  and her mémoires  .
what women’s march participants are saying with pink hats .
also  ,  the work of monetarists like milton friedman cast doubt on neo-keynesian theories  .
like all echinoderms  ,  sea cucumbers have an endoskeleton just below the skin  ,  calcareous structures that are usually reduced to isolated ossicles joined by connective tissue  .
charles m .  harper ,  ceo who transformed conagra into global powerhouse ,  dies at 88 .
are uber and lyft cutting into metro’s ridership ?  .
almost all parrots nest in tree hollows  ,  and lay white eggs from which hatch altricial ( helpless ) young  .
software people taking over basic industries: .
he preached his first sermon in the winter of 1850-51  .
she has gone to otakon and anime expo in 1999  ,  as well as anime expo new york in 2002  .
prince george’s county should pay for ap exams instead of the practice sat .
while the principality does not pay taxes  ,  the australian government s current official position is that it is nothing more than a private enterprise operating under a business name  .
in 2009  ,  sullivan opened for buddy guy on his east coast tour during the summer  ,  played his own set at the popular summer music festival lollapalooza  ,  as well as the austin city limits festival in october  .
in 2001  ,  johnson was elected mp for henley-on-thames  ,  succeeding michael heseltine  ,  having previously been defeated in clwyd south in the 1997 general election  .
he uses expensive japanese beef .  he also uses lamb and goat .
somebody shoots the journalists .  the journalists die .
pope francis appeals for an end to conflict .
north korea’s kim jong un invites south korea’s president to pyongyang .
mortgage rates resume climb after nearly two-month descent .
the british sovereign is the sovereign of the order and appoints all other members of the order  .
man chained himself to rhubarb plant .
one of the first steps in tackling detroit’s housing crisis ?  mapping it .  .
the game also ends if there are three moves where no player scores ( for example  ,  passes or tile switches ) in a row  ,  unless the score is zero-zero  .
orz should not be confused with m ( _ _ ) m  ,  which means an apology  .
dole was the capital until the region was conquered by louis xiv  .
the match went for a minute and akebono won the match after he threw the big show out of the ring  ,  thus winning the sumo match  .
mahmud ( also spelled mahmood  ,  mahmoud  ,  mahmut  ,  mehmood  ,  or mehmud ) is the main transliteration of the arabic given name ( arabic : محمود  ,  maḥmūd ) that comes from the arabic triconsonantal root of ḥ-m-d `` praise   .
american among five killed in two attacks by palestinian assailants .
he claimed to have memories of being rescued by gypsies from a burning building when he was a tiny child and that the gypsies taught him to beg  ,  steal  ,  and do acrobatic tricks  ,  but no one knows if this is true  .
in 2010  ,  he won three races in a row on the way to winning the dtm championship  .
the foundation stone for the richmond bridge was laid on 11 december 1823 and the bridge was built by convicts  .
800 improperly counted votes in baltimore cannot be removed from results .
when robert of bellême was captured in 1112  ,  william and helias fled to the court of the young count baldwin vii of flanders who was another of william s cousins  .
airlines were not sure about jet planes because they successful with propeller planes like the douglas dc-4  ,  dc-6  ,  boeing stratocruiser and lockheed constellation  .
new zealand denies visas to north korean academics to attend conference .
sinkhole repairs ,  prevention raise cost of loudoun courts complex parking garage .
in 2016 ,  seaworld ends its orca breeding programme .
bernicia occupied about the same area as the modern english counties of northumberland and durham  ,  and the former scottish counties of berwickshire and east lothian  .
paul walker is dead .  he died in a car .
marysville man pleads not guilty to touching girl .
while in the soviet union  ,  strong met with stalin  ,  molotov  ,  and many other soviet officials  .
some people see the man .  they want to help him .
australia vows to keep search for missing plane .
doctors think it can help with stitches ,  burns and ligament damage .
his original goal was full independence for tibet  ,  but by the late 1980s  ,  he was seeking high-level autonomy instead  .
the u . s .  army 96th infantry division and 7th infantry division went south across okinawa  .
trump: ‘there’s a great spirit in the republican party’ .
this news is about a village .  this village is in argentina .
the congo flows mostly west from kisangani just below the falls  ,  then slowly bends southwest  ,  passing by mbandaka  ,  joining with the ubangi river  ,  and running into the pool malebo ( stanley pool )  .
the decree of the 13th of october 1959 announces the first partner of the university : air france  .
the new cdc director has an important duty: resisting budget reductions .
in 1988 ddt made their first visit to the u . s .   ,  their concert in los angeles was covered by mtv  .
gyrocopter pilot rebuts u . s .  claim that capitol flight risked midair collision .
here is some news from a zoo .  this zoo is in ohio ,  usa .  the zoo makes a video .
forecast on population and consumption the population will decline from about the 2040th  .
aca enrollment schedule may lock millions into unwanted health plans .
john hurt ,  british actor who played desperate ,  eccentric characters ,  dies at 77 .
ryan seacrest launches clothing line .
pregnant immigrant teen seeking abortion is released from government custody .
the next day after the killing ,  people in paris protest .
tampa man charged with murder after stabbing .
he said the cuban people are extraordinary and have huge potential .
the 1965 summer convention was held at kewadin  ,  northern michigan  .
there has been something confusing over lance s birth year ; some sources say he was born 1941 or 1942 ( as lance claimed )  ,  while his gravestone states he was born in 1939  .
the mourning dove is a medium-sized  ,  slender dove  .
someone forces a woman from pakistan to marry a man .  after the wedding ,  she plans to kill her husband .
man fatally shot by d . c .  police thursday was a southeast resident .
1 child killed ,  13 people hospitalized after suspected carbon monoxide leak at michigan hotel pool .
how much snow fell from snowzilla in the d . c .  area ,  in detail .
this person is in a car .  the tornado moves the car in the air .  then ,  the car hits the ground .
interstitial cystitis ( chronic pain in the bladder ) can be the cause for people who have uti symptoms many times  ,  but whose urine cultures remain negative and do not improved with antibiotics  .
lyrics spoke about human existence  ,  emotion  ,  and mental states  .
they want to take the scorpions to the usa .
adam scott is not competing in the olympics and australians are not happy .
it is a scalar  ,  extensive quantity  ,  like electrical resistance  .
but as the population of the state shifted continually northward  ,  it was no longer convenient to have a state capital at the southern edge of the state  .
rob pardo said video games (also called e-sports) would make the olympics more modern .
for several years  ,  the best ringette team in quebec is the montreal mission  .
today  ,  the kli has about 20 of those former beginners  grammarians  .
his last match was in september 1958 against yugoslavia  .
monadnock s bare  ,  isolated  ,  and rocky summit gives people wide  ,  clear views  .
cavs ‘gm’ lebron james bids farewell to matthew dellavedova .
imran khan to respond to contempt notice .
doyle won the leadership by a narrow margin  ,  but went on to lead the party to its worst electoral defeat ever  ,  in which napthine nearly lost his seat  .
the mass spectrometer does this by breaking each molecule into ionized fragments and detecting these fragments using their mass to charge ratio  .
by further extension  ,  the flavor of a food ( particularly beer or wine ) may be called its palate  .
mars has no ozone layer ,  so there is a lot of ultra-violet (uv) radiation .
on september 24  ,  1789  ,  in the town of roman  ,  she gave birth to a son  .
a scientist says the earth is flat and not round .
parkes hosts a yearly elvis presley festival in early january to celebrate elvis presley s birthday  .
princess diana’s butler bombshell: he’s gay & marrying his boyfriend .
people find the elephant .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
their head is small and narrow  ,  with a hard  ,  upturned nose  .
wife of abusive police officer pleads guilty to killing him .
it won a grammy award for best pop performance by a duo or group with vocal at the 2004 grammy awards  .
she is in a wheelchair .  she goes shopping with her carer .
then he answered ,  the good thing about the box is that at night i can use it as a house for the sheep .
cecilia is surprised at how well the domino knows the faults of her guardians  .
payday advances dierct lendsers .
one of the notes sometimes sounds like a flute  ,  whistle or bird  ,  but is actually a person s voice  .
this climate affects the ecology at high altitude  .
okelley said `` hello  ,  bob  .
it will be ready to use in 2020 .
the little-known auction that could change the course of technology ,  explained .
it is also used to make an amalgam with metals such as aluminum  .
the red lion also arrived at the outer banks  ,  but it dropped off its passengers and went to newfoundland for privateering  .
how ruth bader ginsburg became notorious rbg .
in 1880  ,  he went to budapest wanting to study with franz liszt  ,  but liszt was not there  .
with the outbreak of the french revolution arnold outfitted a privateer  ,  while continuing to do business in the west indies  ,  even though the hostilities increased the risk  .
experts do an experiment .  they show human faces to horses .
jpmorgan chase to pay $307 million in penalties over disclosure issues .
the british edible dormouse population is about 10 , 000 and is found in a 200-square-mile ( 520 km2 ) triangle between beaconsfield  ,  aylesbury and luton  .
the minardi team had four moderately successful formula two seasons with a variety of young drivers  ,  including alessandro nannini and johnny cecotto  .
this is an important moment for the school .
nfl again considers eliminating pro bowl .
he is in south africa for 10 days .  he helps the rhinos .
the 2018 world cup is in russia .
family of drowned syrian toddler alan kurdi moves closer to new life in canada .
brandon marshall returned to practice for the chicago bears .
the players leave the courts .
kanotix  ,  also referred to as kanotix  ,  is a linux distribution live cd ( livedistro ) based on debian ( until 2006 unstable  ,  in 2007 kanotix moved to debian etch ) with advanced hardware detection  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
these drives may be connected to sas backplanes ( controllers )  ,  but sas drives can not be connected to sata backplanes  .
those marks ( in order ) placed him ninth  ,  fifth  ,  and fourth in school history  .
jackanory is a long-running bbc children s television series  .
of course trump’s outrage at the nfl protests had to do with race .
icelandic athletes have won a total of four medals  .
the song became the band s second single to reach # 1 in the uk singles chart  .
james strom thurmond ( december 5  ,  1902 - june 26  ,  2003 ) was an american politician  .
emmanuel macron talks at the ceremony .
a group of mutant which are part of an underground network across the nation  .
james browning jr .  ,  lead prosecutor in patty hearst trial ,  dies at 83 .
once hardened a thermoset resin can not be reheated and melted back to a liquid form  .
it is connected to the sea of japan on the west through the sakhalin gulf and the gulf of tartary ; on the south  ,  through the la pérouse strait  .
why does she paint ?  she wants to make people think about nature .
plant breeding started with the domestication of the first agricultural plants  ,  a practice dates back 9 , 000 to 11 , 000 years  .
he is one of france s most popular and long lasting singers  ,  and also one of the most well-known french singers in other countries  .
why donald trump’s call for a muslim ban may work for him ,  in two charts .
ny 308 then travels west of sepasco lake before turning east again  .
australia has competed in every summer olympic games  ,  and most winter olympic games  .
louis philippe dorléans ( 12 may 1725 - 18 november 1785 ) was duke of orléans and the father of philippe égalité  .
united states soldiers from fort mchenry defended the inner harbor  .
his contributions to this vast array of subjects are scattered in journals and in tens of thousands of letters and unpublished manuscripts  .
people chant and stamp their feet .
a new food is bringing australians together .
federal employee health premiums to rise 6 . 2 percent on average .
there will soon be babies in the uk with dna from three people .
the team needed to find a buyer by 30 november - the date by which entry fees for the 2013 were due to be paid - or else face closure and a departure from the sport  .
the ringed seal ( pusa hispida )  ,  also known as the jar seal and as netsik or nattiq by the inuit  ,  is an earless seal  .
he was one of henry lawrence s ` advisers  to the sikhs  ,  after the first anglo-sikh war ( 1846 )  ,  and then became the first deputy commissioner of hazara ( 1849 - 1853 )  .
that’s why they’re causing us a lot of trouble .
riteish deshmukh gears up for yellow .
during the boer war  ,  he lead a boer commando in the cape colony using guerrilla tactics  .
úrsula murayama ( born in mexico in 1972 ) is a mexican actress of japanese origin who appears in telenovelas ( soap operas )  .
b .  b .  king ( born riley b .  king in mississippi on september 16  ,  1925 ) is an american blues guitarist and singer-songwriter  .
another theory is that modern humans are the only survivors of several species of primates who may have worn clothes  ,  and that clothing may have been used as long ago as 650 thousand years ago  .
they want to end inequality and the harassment of women in the usa .
28 )  ,  another `` house of nephthys of ramesses-meriamun  seems to have existed to the north  ,  in the town of su  ,  closer to the fayyum region  .
peter otoole dies at age 81 .
in turn  ,  computer implementations are significant in applying ideas from discrete mathematics to real-world problems  ,  such as in operations research  .
college hockey america ( cha ) is a group of american colleges and universities who play ncaa division i women s ice hockey against one another every season  .
it is a painting on a wall .
gc-ms has many uses include drug detection  ,  fire investigation  ,  environmental analysis and explosives investigation  .
she must take off her belt .
finnix is a debian based live cd linux distribution  ,  developed by ryan finnie and intended for system administrators for tasks such as filesystem recovery  ,  network monitoring and os installation  .
the australian prime minister talks about gun laws .  he says that it is important to continue them .
it hosts the internationally known e ( kika ) de la garza institute for goat research  .
this news is from istanbul .  around 24 inches (61 centimetres) of snow fall there .
in 1937 ,  her navigator and she fly over the pacific ocean .
they cannot open the house’s side door .  they go to the back of the house .
and  ,  the following year  ,  in the tv quiz passaparola  .
isis fighters may have escaped to iraq ,  despite u . s .  promises to stop them .
all synovial fluid samples obtained from undiagnosed  ,  inflamed joints should be examined for these crystals  .
tottenham consider £30m bid for giuseppe rossi .
it is based on mario puzo s novel of the same name  ,  and stars marlon brando and al pacino  .
recent excavations in 2006 have indicated that there were  ,  in fact  ,  at least five standing stones on the site  ,  arranged in a `` cove   .
in 2008  ,  clay county was one of the least populated counties in north carolina  .
on october 1 it became `` post-tropical  ( in the forecaster s words ) as it moved over cooler waters  .
shah puri is one of the oldest dialect of the punjabi language spoken in sargodh division of pakistani punjab  .
all materials from the demolished prison were ground to powder and dumped in the north sea or buried at the former raf gatow  .
he does very well .  the man hopes that his bookshop makes people think about reading .
mrs .  barkley published a memoir in 1958 with vanguard publishers of new york  .
jason hsu was at first `` obese and unpopular in high school   .
they were walking along when suddenly a chariot of fire and horses of fire appeared and separated the two of them  ,  and elijah went up to heaven in a whirlwind  .
they fly together .  they look like a big ,  black cloud .
it was released in japan on december 16  ,  2004  ,  in europe on february 4  ,  2005  ,  and in north america on march 14  ,  2005  .
the islamists take the girls .  the girls don’t want to go .
distances can be measured on a map using dividers  ,  compasses with two spikes  .
how senate republicans will break the democratic filibuster on neil gorsuch and get him on the supreme court .
the volcano can erupt soon .  now people must leave bali .
another theory to explain the massive outbursts of eta carinae is the idea of a deeply situated hydrodynamic explosion  ,  blasting off parts of the star s outer layers  .
potomac falls setter holly carlton ,  megan mctigue of holy cross and st .  john’s senior jeanne westney named gatorade volleyball players of the year .
she is in a car .
this means millions of people are very ,  very poor .
hamilton was raised roman catholic  .
i came to the wall and i caught the little prince in my arms .
in 2011  ,  she starred alongside liam neeson and diane kruger in unknown  ,  directed by jaume collet-serra  ,   .
the aim of ias is to develop a network of international partners  ,  using 3 main vectors :
a man goes fishing .  he is in the ocean in north carolina .
in 2006  ,  denkova was elected as the president of the bulgarian figure skating federation  .
the southern hemisphere does not have nearly as rich a fossil record for this period as the northern  ,  and contains no known parrot-like remains earlier than the early to middle miocene  ,  around 20 mya  .
bouguereau died at the age of 79 on august 19  ,  1905 from heart disease  .
farhan akhtar turns 40 years old .
henry clemens van de velde ( 3 april 1863  ,  antwerp - 15 october 1957  ,  zürich ) was a belgian painter  ,  architect and interior designer  .
man charge man with kidnapping 6-year-old girl in wheaton .
report: national weather service meteorologists ‘fatigued’ and ‘demoralized’ by understaffing .
much of west s work focuses on the role of race  ,  gender  ,  and class in american society and the means by which people act and react to their `` radical conditionedness   .
there are tours  ,  bird shows and information areas for visitors  .
d . c .  mayor promises park view residents more action on crime .
utah supreme court reverses obscenity-as-to-minors conviction .
the young doves and pigeons are called `` squabs  .
so did geoffrey s plans to control aquitaine through his young son-in-law  .
the last government issued coins were brass 10 centimos coins in 1941  .
the 1965 yerevan demonstrations were a 24 hour mass protest in yerevan  ,  armenian ssr on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the armenian genocide  .
the team was formed in 1977 after two earlier and  ,  compared with williamsf1 s achievements  ,  unsuccessful f1 operations  ,  frank williams racing cars and walter wolf racing  .
the provinces of iran are divided more into counties called shahrestan ( persian : شهرستان shahrestān )  .
behaviour is linked to the nervous system as well as the endocrine system  .
real betis fires coach juan carlos garrido .
4 , 000 turtles are in a warehouse .  the warehouse is in the philippines .
business roundup: employers get another aca reporting deadline extension .
this happens in new mexico ,  usa .  a bus driver drives without his seat belt .
one person is injured a little
a group of clouds in the central atlantic became a tropical storm on july 31  .
the stars of newly-opened west end musicals also perform songs from their shows later in the evening  ,  after the ` curtain call  of the actual show performance for that evening  .
however ,  the tiger does not eat the goat .  the goat becomes the tiger’s friend .
later  ,  she meets mr .  albany again  ,  who introduces her to belfield s sister  ,  henrietta  ,  and asks cecilia to help her  .
fact-checking the clinton and trump speeches after orlando .
iowa democrats rally before election .
he is best known for his recurring role as frank costanza on the television series seinfeld and his supporting role as arthur spooner on the television series the king of queens  .
because they are always genetically identical clones  ,  the group of four young is a good subject for scientific  ,  behavioural or medical tests  .
in doing so  ,  it passes through midtown manhattan  ,  the upper east side ( including carnegie hill )  ,  spanish harlem  ,  and harlem  .
on june 28  ,  2005 the ipod photo was merged into the normal ipod line adding a color screen and the ability to display photos to the ipod 4g  .
citing high cost ,  trump says boeing’s contract to build air force one should be canceled .
colossus was the first to combine digital  ,  programmable ( in part )  ,  and electronic  .
it was devised by doctor and situation comedy writer fintan coyle and the comedian cathy dunning  ,  and developed for television by the bbc entertainment department  .
you will pay 50 euros .
seventy-six years after he died at pearl harbor ,  a chaplain will get a combat medal .
it became known as `` tennis  in english ( see history of tennis )  ,  and later `` real tennis  after lawn tennis became more popular than the parent game  .
why did the people build the helicopter ?  it is strange ,  isn’t it ?  well ,  there are two reasons for it .
then there is riccarton high school that was one of the first state schools in the country to adopt a strong values base - the riccarton way  .
at the time  ,  the typhoon s eye was only 15 km ( 9 . 3 mi ) wide  .
after the war  ,  he was appointed deputy landrat ( county president ) of schongau by the american army  ,  and helped to found the local csu there  .
he also reformed the army by forming five piedmontese regiments and recreated cavalry  ,  as well as introducing uniforms  .
alliant energy converting from coal to natural gas .
cones take one year to mature  ,  with pollination in autumn and the seeds maturing the same time a year later  .
the capital of vâlcea county is râmnicu vâlcea  .
this was the sixth show in wwe s production lineage for the bash event ( twentieth overall ) and was the first to be referred to as the bash  .
international phonetic alphabet represents the alveolar and postalveolar approximants as ⟨ ɹ ⟩  .
in societies where people are hunters and gatherers  ,  for example the traditional society of the australian aboriginal people  ,  it is the men who do the hunting of animals for meat  ,  and the women who do the gathering of other types of food such as grain  ,  fruit and vegetables  .
scholars also studied the uralic languages  ,  another european language family for which less early written material exists  .
germany sends 10 scientists to the arctic .  they study weather there .
after she died  ,  shah jahan went into mourning for a year  .
prince george’s police fired at suspect but did not hit him .
sevyn streeter slides into the spotlight .
one person killed ,  several injured in landover home fire early sunday .
he is of norwegian descent and was raised in a lutheran family  .
alnico is an acronym ( a short form or an abbreviation formed from the starting letters of other words and spoken as a word ) of iron alloys which are made up of iron and aluminium ( al )  ,  nickel ( ni ) and cobalt ( co )  ,  and hence the acronym al-ni-co  .
zephyr teachout runs for congress .
the echota cherokee are a recognized tribe still here  .
miley cyrus shows off new ink .
led by growth in the suburbs ,  the d . c .  area is adding jobs faster than the rest of the country .
after raleigh was named as the state capital  ,  new bern rebuilt its economy with the help of trade routes to the caribbean and new england  .
watch texas state return a missed field goal for 100-yard touchdown .
thirty years later ,  one of the sisters is in a video .  she talks about her family .
aberdeen fc teen scott mckenna hopes to end brilliant week in style .
some days ,  he rows 15 hours a day .  he rows for 14 , 500 kilometres .
he can preserve bodies .  the doctor shocks people .
the − 100 had pratt & whitney jt9d-3a engines  .
the video shows some boys .
it is six months later now ,  and rio does not have enough money .
his first book  ,  one day i will write about this place  ,  was published in 2011  .
his style of dress is often referred to as dandyism  ,  brummell would not have agreed with that description  .
a man comes into a casino in manila .
brantford municipal airport is in the west end of the city  .
until 1994 the present-day district was divided into the three districts of parchim  ,  sternberg and lübz  .
the study looked at what young children ate .
fanny lucía martínez de leeu ( born february 8  ,  1973 )  ,  more commonly known as fanny lú  ,  is a singer from cali  ,  colombia  .
stuart hall stripped of obe by queen .
some of these people are children .
people get bad coughs ,  fever ,  and they lose weight .
people dance on a stage .
jágr formerly played in the national hockey league with the dallas stars  ,  pittsburgh penguins  ,  washington capitals  ,  new york rangers and the philadelphia flyers  .
it is flying to holguín .  it is a city in the south of cuba .  the plane crashes .
ny doctors now required to check drug database .
tesla and solarcity agree to $ 2 . 6 billion merger .
the band members are rapper zack de la rocha  ,  guitarist tom morello  ,  bass player tim commerford and drummer brad wilk  .
it is 2 .
chris meighan to become director ,  emerging news products .
in comparison to earlier proboscids  ,  gomphotherium had fewer molars ; the remaining ones had high ridges to expand their grinding surface  .
it was the first album the band released without drummer ron welty and even though many of their previous albums contain explicit langugage  ,  it was the first to have a parental advisory  .
five governors ,  friends and foes of the aca ,  urge congress to bolster its markets for 2018 .
cindy was responsible for a total of 3 deaths in the united states and ` for bringing heavy rains to louisiana  ,  mississippi  ,  alabama and maryland  .
they have a concert .
the queen victoria memorial is in front of the gates of the palace  ,  whilst admiralty arch at the far end leads into trafalgar square  .
a prime minister must be : oath of office : oath of secrecy :
brain played a lot of chamber music  ,  forming a wind quintet with his brother in 1946  .
she says that it is great .
the many adventures of winnie the pooh is an animated movie produced by walt disney productions  .
obama awards medal of freedom to a star-studded list of 21 recipients .
it relaxes in the hammock .
africa also has some sign languages  ,  which are mostly language isolates  .
mrca watching flood factors .
to make money  ,  he found a job selling roofing materials in the bay area  ,  but he found he was not good at it and soon moved on ; it would be his only non-football-related job  .
he removed `` zelewski  from his name in november 1941 because of its polish sound  .
it is a medium-sized deciduous tree that grows to be 15 metres ( 49 ft ) to 25 metres ( 82 ft ) tall  .
among the impressionists sisley has been overshadowed by monet  .
they put the seals on boats .
the silk mill was not at the center of the movements  ,  taylor ( the mill s lessee at this time ) was one of the employers who agreed not to employ any worker who was a union member  .
bryce harper’s day off wednesday vs .  mets ‘was planned’ .
he explains to hercules about his village being attacked by the creatures and hercules agrees to help  .
volvo wants to change this .
boeing to enter talks with iranian airlines .
on the march 25 edition of smackdown  !
they gave it the local name quiel as it entered the philippine area of responsibility ( par )  .
the plane landed after a 118-hour flight .
a floating point unit ( fpu ) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers  .
military issues have no place in nuclear talks .
a camera films the descent .
longtime obama aide amy brundage to leave white house in december .
the a320 family s main rivals are the boeing 737  ,  717  ,  757 and the mcdonnell douglas md-80  .
after a disagreement over the rent of the newmarket road ground  ,  norwich city moved to a new home in 1908 - a converted disused chalk pit in rosary road which became known as the nest  .
this news is about a man from argentina .  he is a goldsmith .
the kuiper belt and scattered disc  ,  the other two reservoirs of trans-neptunian objects  ,  are less than one thousandth of the oort cloud s distance  .
the organisers of the festival are offering the statue to putin .
that act stopped all chinese immigration except for business people  ,  clergy  ,  educators  ,  students  ,  and other categories  .
in april 2013 it was shown that sahai committed plagiarism in her habilitation thesis  .
fewer people applied for unemployment benefits last week .
they roll over ,  jump ,  and even play a real-life version of hungry hippos .
in 1683 his first wife died  ,  and louis secretly married his longtime mistress  ,  françoise daubigné  ,  marquise de maintenon  .
however ,  it stops too fast .  a car behind it hits it .
mr .  monckton angrily said no  ,  and they shot each other in a furious fight  .
shane and vince mcmahon were in the ring that night  ,  and each tried to convince the rock to join their respective side  .
amazed  ,  lucia and her cousins ran back to their village and told everyone what they saw  .
they are flapped rapidly and work as gyroscopes  ,  telling the insect about its body position during flight  .
blaine gabbert is an american football quarterback for the jacksonville jaguars of the national football league  .
he and other giraffes will go there
travilah station townhouses in north potomac ,  md .  ,  will have two-car garages and elevators .
elections board certifies pugh’s victory in baltimore’s mayoral primary .
after the beginning of world war i in 1914  ,  the german army started the western front by invading luxembourg and belgium  .
saudi women win handful of seats in elections to local councils .
in the world cup  ,  austria has taken the fourth and third place in 1934 and 1954  ,  respectively  .
born c .  865 he was the son of baldwin i  ,  count of flanders and judith  ,  a daughter of charles the bald  .
argonauts are found in tropical and subtropical waters worldwide ; they live in open ocean  .
nobuyuki abe ( 阿部 信行  ,  abe nobuyuki  ?
the cat has a special talent .
his best-known book was seduction of the innocent ( 1954 )  .
the dytiscidae ( greek dytikos ( δυτικός )  ,  `` able to dive  ) is a family of water beetles  .
thieves in fairfax county taking tires and rims from parked vehicles .
a selfie is a picture of you .
sugar ramos ,  featherweight boxing champion in the 1960s ,  dies at 75 .
he also discovers an idol with three bearded faces ( baphomet ) and a latin inscription describing britain  .
the brick lane market was developed in the 17th century for fruit and vegetables  .
a squad automatic weapon ( saw  ,  also known as section automatic weapon or light support weapon ) is a weapon used to give infantry squads or sections automatic firepower that can easily be moved around  .
when the game is over ,  you can record your top score .
lena headey will narrate audiobook of ``low down .
police emails on surveillance plane ‘unable to be retrieved , ’ baltimore officials say .
rotary to sponsor super bowl party .
from 1559 he dropped the ` h  from his name and started signing his paintings as bruegel  .
consequently  ,  the dna repair process must be constantly active so it can respond rapidly to any damage in the dna structure  .
people in myanmar are killing rohingya people .  thousands of the rohingya are now fleeing myanmar .
widows could lose their right to pension payments .
plastic waste pollutes it .  around 3 tons of plastics get into the sea every day .
on january 1  ,  2004  ,  saxony-anhalt disbanded its three regierungsbezirke : dessau  ,  halle and magdeburg  .
in addition  ,  there are more than 300 species in several genera that show some but not all of these characteristics  .
wesel ( ipa : ( ˈveːzəl ) ) is a kreis ( district ) in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia  ,  germany  .
what you missed at the miley cyrus and her dead petz show at echostage in d . c .  .
ed garvey ,  who organized two player strikes as leader of nfl union ,  dies at 76 .
she is 22 years old .
she rose to fame in 1997 when she released her critically well liked first album  ,  baduizm  .
this takes several months for human thumbnails  .
if the solenoid has identical turns ( single-layer winding )  ,
it is the third game in the donkey kong arcade series  .
china creates a laser cannon .  this laser shoots at drones .
phillip knightley ,  journalist who helped expose kim philby as soviet spy ,  dies at 87 .
the sun bear is the smallest bear  .
comhungarian – http://bagobago .
it flips over six times .
larger organisms such as snails  ,  shrimp  ,  crabs  ,  giant tube worms  ,  fish  ,  and octopus form a food chain of predator and prey relationships above the primary consumers  .
hurricane opal was a major hurricane that formed in the gulf of mexico in september 1995  .
recently desena has been working on the online mockumentary web series dorm life which is a 2008 webby honoree for best writing and comedy : individual short or episode  .
digiday: the washington post is making vertical video ads for clients .
in a 2005 survey the scholar adam lucas identified the following first appearances of various industrial mill types in western europe  .
martinsburg was founded in 1778 by general adam stephen and named in honor of colonel thomas bryan martin  .
the world premiere of the movie at the directors guild theater in new york city on 4 november 2006 as part of the cmj film festival  .
ab iii is the third studio album by american rock band alter bridge  .
from 1920 to the 1992 winter olympics serbian athletes were part of the yugoslavian team  .
leibniz also made major contributions to physics and technology  ,  and anticipated notions that surfaced much later in biology  ,  medicine  ,  geology  ,  probability theory  ,  psychology  ,  and information science  .
by the time the building was finished  ,  including the chapter house ( 1306 )  ,  it already seemed too small for the developing liturgy  ,  in particular the increasingly grand processions  .
however  ,  vulcan had a stronger association than hephaestus with fire s destructiveness  ,  and his worshippers wanted to encourage the god to avert harmful fires  .
barry dickins ( born 1949 ) is an australian artist and writer of books and plays  .
long and foster provides sales and purchases of homes  ,  land  ,  and commercial properties ; mortgage  ,  title  ,  and insurance assistance ; insurance offerings ; and relocation and settlement services  .
national weather service issues frost advisory for central alabama .
river sweeps past meridian .
the river mersey is a river in north west england  .
the group is divided into the `` cat-like  feliformia and the `` dog-like  caniformia  .
he was born in chelsea  ,  london  ,  to iranian bahá  í parents  .
he hit his producer .
a similar  ,  numeric identification  ,  the international standard serial number ( issn )  ,  identifies periodical publications such as magazines  .
later on  ,  due to her bad health  ,  she gave many routine duties of the first lady to her daughter  ,  `` abby  .
fischer-dieskau made guest appearances at the opera houses in vienna and munich  .
he returned to france under the directory in 1797 and acquired the magistrate post he would then hold for the rest of his life  ,  as a judge of the court of cassation  .
new yorker journalist laura miller has described pullman as one of england s most outspoken atheists  ,  although pullman describes himself as an agnostic  .
they invented the genres of tragedy ( late 6th century bc )  ,  comedy ( 486 bc ) and satyr plays  .
mr mugabe fought for independence from british rule .  zimbabwe was called rhodesia .
but scientists say that it is good .  we gossip to get important information .
the mudpuppies  ,  necturus  ,  are fully-aquatic salamanders which are not closely related to the axolotl but bear a superficial resemblance  .
brown students tore up ,  threw out american flags at veterans day ceremony .
liverpool mp steve rotheram calls for debate on internet trolling .
in 1675  ,  the house gave john bunyan the idea for the ` house beautiful  in his book the pilgrim s progress  .
ajay s .  shriram elected cii president .
he studied law  ,  chemistry and medicine in dijon and practiced law in his hometown  .
britain is one of them .  ten per cent of people in britain have no cash in their pockets .  this is a problem for buskers .
this made people think of the liberty bell and the declaration of independence as closely related  .
the byzantine empire ( or eastern roman empire ) was the name of the greek part of the roman empire which survived into the middle ages  .
firefighters tackle car fire near raf lakenheath .
is ryan coogler the greatest young director of his era ?  rotten tomatoes says yes .  .
it is 173 miles (278 kilometres) from tokyo .  now ,  the journey takes 80 minutes .
he called this brutal .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
clinton foundation received subpoena from state department investigators .
glenn beck endorses ted cruz .
local digest: police identify d . c .  man ,  79 ,  killed in stabbing sunday afternoon .
`` octopus s garden  is a song by the beatles written by ringo starr from their 1969 album abbey road  .
the kassite kings set up a network of provinces administered by governors  .
the students are happy that the video is popular .
he continued to lead the prades festivals until 1966  .
virginia governor proposes $9 million for birth-control access .
white house to announce $118 million public ,  private effort to improve the lives of women and girls of color .
gordon livingston ,  psychiatrist who wrote best-seller about coping with grief ,  dies at 77 .
patient safety put at risk .
carrie fisher ,  ‘star wars’ actress and best-selling author ,  dies at 60 .
big sale of hot quinceanera dresses has kicked off at andytailor . com .
is our black son ready to walk home from school alone ,  in sixth grade ?  .
the name of the city has also been spelled different over periods of time : chaouinigane  ,  oshaouinigane  ,  assaouinigane  ,  achawénégan  ,  chawinigame  ,  shawenigane  ,  chaouénigane and could either mean `` portage   ,  `` portage of beeches   ,  `` angular portage  or `` summit  or `` crest   .
it is a parachuting championship .  people jump off a plane .
leafs place defenceman john-michael liles on waivers .
in 1932 ,  amelia earhart flies alone over the atlantic ocean .
ivanhoe donaldson ,  civil rights organizer ,  confidant of marion barry ,  dies at 74 .
shampoo removes bacteria and cleans the extra oil from your head .  the clinic said shampoo is good for greasy hair .
she stopped swimming after the 2008 games and gave birth to her son  .
diego maradona has appealed to european union .
it is twelve metres tall .
the sea has an arctic climate with regular northern winds and temperatures rarely rising above 0 ° c .  the west ice forms in winter in the greenland sea  ,  north of iceland  ,  between greenland and jan mayen island  .
police arrest the driver of the car .  he is 20 years old .
his work also appeared in the illustrated london news  .
on the morning of 12 september 2013  ,  he committed suicide by falling from a second-floor hospital window in leipzig  ,  saxony  .
people have a lot of debt .
cowboys’ ezekiel elliott drops appeal and will serve entire six-game suspension .
in july 1780  ,  he asked for  ,  and got  ,  command of west point in order to surrender it to the british  .
what you can do for the national book festival this year .
the subfamily scarabaeinae alone has more than 5 , 000 species  .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
an supporter of the european union  ,  he served as a member of the european parliament 1973-1976 where he was also the vice-president of the parliament s political committee  .
‘john lemon’ is a lemonade company .  ‘lemon’ sounds like ‘lennon’ .
`` classic  ring galaxies are usually formed by the collision of a small galaxy with a larger disk-shaped galaxy  .
eris was discovered by michael e .  brown  ,  chad trujillo and david rabinowitz on january 5  ,  2005  ,  when they were having a close look at some images of the outer solar system taken in 2003  .
orchard road has the istana at the southern end of the road  ,  which is the official house for the president of singapore  .
however  ,  this urban renewal plan has been met with opposition and ( ) criticism from some residents  .
how can retail investors play a more active role ?  .
the southampton tramway company was bought by southampton corporation on 30 june 1898 for # 51 , 000  .
definite pulmonary hypertension is present when mean pressures at rest exceed 25 mm hg ( 3300 pa )  .
in 2000 barenboim was given the title of `` conductor for life   .
during the fatal 4-way pay-per-view  ,  the nexus interfered in the main event for the wwe championship  ,  attacking all the wrestlers involved  .
many people are interested in it .  we do not know the final price .
after many attempts  ,  ward had made the process of mixing the ingredients to make the all-natural taste of orange crush  .
dolphins also use words and sentences .  dolphins send messages to each other .
damien molony ,  fay ripley & clare-hope ashitey cast in channel 5′s drama series suspects .
it strengthened into tropical depression five  ,  and was named tropical storm edouard on august 3  .
the ‘i before e ,  except after c’ rule is a giant lie .
it is too heavy .
now ,  meryl streep to play political activist .
n .  korea threatens to strike s .  korea ``without notice .
dennard claims he did not fail sobriety test .
there are about 9 , 200 living species in 1 , 260 genera and 106 families  .
sisley was born in paris to rich english parents  .
seymour s ambitions led to him being arrested and beheaded  ,  after which sudeley castle became the property of catherine s brother william parr  ,  who was the marquess of nothampton  .
for this discovery bishop and varmus were awarded the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1989  .
supreme court: domestic abusers can be banned from owning firearms .
norton rose fulbright hosts wellbeing event .
lane crawford opens china flagship store in shanghai .
his political instinct  ,  his abundance of ideas and his forcible  ,  mordant style would have given him a foremost position at any time and in any country ; in spain  ,  and in his own period  ,  they placed him beyond all rivalry  .
now ,  she is also feeling better .  people are nicer to her ,  too
it is marked by a sudden abundance of hard substrate trace fossils  .
dogs there can donate blood at the hospital .  the dog must be between 1 and 8 years old .
julianne hough - nina dobrev celebrates her birthday .
the show was a talent contest to decide the best new young pop singer  ,  or ` pop idol   ,  in the united kingdom  ,  based on viewer voting and participation  .
it will not make the air dirty like cars do
it was one of the largest pliosaurs  ,  and is named after the leader of the greek titans  ,  kronos  .
yes ,  taxpayers should support metro .
he was then appointed dictator for ten years  .
they meet with whales and sharks .
this news is about four british women .  they row across the pacific ocean .
together  ,  the wind shear and low-level helicity created moderate convection across central florida associated with the precursor low pressure system  .
older people live longer when they read .
the articles are still of value and interest to modern scholars as examples for the knowledge of the 19th and early 20th centuries  .
their family and friends wait for them there .
and at night ,  you will watch the stars .
statins may prevent aging and extend lifespan .
in 1983 he was elected president of sinn féin and became the first sinn féin mp elected to the british house of commons since the 1950s  .
however ,  we don’t know if the video is real
waterford man fair following motorcycle crash .
ingrid reichel has grown up in kabul\/afghanistan and between 1967 and 1981 in paris\/france  .
there are no cities in warwickshire since both coventry and birmingham were incorporated into the west midlands county in 1974  .
phillies invite five additional players to spring training .
in general  ,  there are three types of construction : building construction is the process of adding structure to real property  .
taylor enjoyed playing ash because of his `` low  ,  husky ( scratchy  ,  deep ) voice  and `` energy and excitement   .
toronto pearson international airport is in mississauga  ,  about 100 km north and east of brantford  .
mugabe is 92 years old .
after hitting its peak strength  ,  tip weakened to a 230 km\/h ( 145 mph ) typhoon and stayed at that intensity for several days as it moved west-northwest  .
people in one town have a problem .
land survey for perumbavoor bypass picks up momentum .
a baby gibbon is born there .  the baby gibbon is very small .
white is regarded by many as england s first ecologist and one of the founders of modern respect for nature  .
australia won the icc champions trophy twice - in 2006 and in 2009 - making them the first and the only team to become back to back winners in the champions trophy tournaments  .
sean spicer resigns as white house press secretary .
his success at the tour of berlin led to a post as a stagiare with t-mobile from august until the end of the season  .
he traveled inuit-style  ,  using sledges and snowshoes  .
in the years which followed he painted many portraits of the saudi royal family and scenes of riyadh and bedouin life  .
olivia did not affect land  .
the restaurant’s boss says that the future is coming quickly .
business roundup: google plans to train 2 million developers in india .
the metronome was invented by dietrich nikolaus winkel in amsterdam in 1812  .
virginia’s election serves as a road map for 2018 congressional races .
it stars laurence fishburne  ,  sam neill  ,  kathleen quinlan and joely richardson  .
chuck barris ( born charles hirsch barris on june 3  ,  1929 ) is an american  ,  best known as the creator of many popular television game shows  .
it also thinks india will win just one gold medal .
in december 2012  ,  ebert was hospitalized with a fractured hip  ,  which his wife chaz jokingly blamed on `` tricky disco dance moves   .
oh ,  but i saw your kingdom ,  said the little prince .
ponticelli was not a french citizen and in may 1915  ,  when italy entered the war  ,  he was forced into the italian army by conscription  .
muslim community wins day off of school on major holiday next year .
bjp will arrange support ,  form government in odisha: .
the name `` paramore  came from the name of their first bassist s mother  .
the city is a few miles east of the continental divide and about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of denver  .
vigevano dates back to the 10th century ad  ,  when it was one of lombard king arduin s favorite places because of the good hunting  .
the official municipality key  ,  which used to be called the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number  ,  is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas  .
they want to make an electronic tool .  this tool would work like a dog’s nose
however  ,  these days  ,  drying has mostly moved indoors  .
` abd us-samad was one of the first hafiz to make commercial recordings of his recitations  ,  and the first president of the newly formed reciters  union in egypt  .
pope urban v ( latin : urbanus quintus ; 1310 - december 19  ,  1370 )  ,  born guillaume grimoard  ,  was an french cleric of the roman catholic church and the 201st pope from 1362 until his death in 1370  .
a woman asked why people need tea bags .
made its start on september 9 2005  .
a company is paying workers to sleep .
saudi arabia breaks diplomatic ties with iran as crisis intensifies .
mma fighter jordan parsons dies after hit-and-run in florida .
when the hospital she works at is moved to the moon  ,  martha helps save the day alongside an alien time traveller known only as the doctor ( david tennant )  .
the album peaked at number seven on the regional mexican albums chart  .
today  ,  floyd landis s father is a supporter of his son and says he is one of floyd s biggest fans  .
secure paymentssome other essay writing services can be a bit sketchy when it comes to payment .
a weakness of these systems is that they were not really able to tell people what they should do  .
the testing generated controversy and much public debate  .
president serzh sargsyan had a telephone conversation with us secretary of state john kerry .
these can still be seen today on the tower staircase  .
brock fiduciary hosts panel: .
wizards’ kelly oubre jr .  suspended for game 4 after push of kelly olynyk .
com .
ferns which grow in soil which has previously supported hermaphrodites are influenced by hormones remaining to develop as male  .
after obama sanctions russia ,  trump says it’s time ‘to move on to bigger and better things’ .
steelers can only hope all will be well with ben roethlisberger back in their lineup .
luckily thepensters .
they say that he is a liar .  they are unhappy with him .
the other big changes in the cyberman design is that the cyber-controller had glowing eyes  ,  a transparent forehead revealing the brain  ,  and sockets on its chest-plate providing connectors to other systems  .
doj: some sanctuary jurisdictions ‘boldly asserted’ they won’t comply with u . s .  requests .
force to improve performance .
the people were videoed doing this .
the division of newcastle has had just five members since 1901  .
something like this happened to me ,  too .
as with most passengers who died that winter  ,  he was most likely buried in an unmarked grave in cole s hill burial ground  ,  plymouth  .
uber’s self-driving truck delivered 50 , 000 cans of budweiser .
during the holiday charles goes back to his home  ,  where he lives with his father  .
he recommended liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen  ,  though other fuels could be used  .
they play basketball for 120 hours ,  1 minute and 7 seconds .
it is a song on the soundtrack for the 2004 movie confessions of a teenage drama queen  .
a cemetery  ,  now called the pioneer cemetery  ,  was begun close to the original diggings  .
in 2005 alcastar failed to qualify for the final automatically  ,  but eventually made it through after a second chance semi-final  .
red sox reportedly found guilty of using apple watch to steal yankees’ signs .
they do not feel fine .
john howard is the second longest serving prime minister of australia after robert menzies  .
the main sense organs are the bristles and ciliated tufts of the body surface  .
some fans start to riot .
his wounds forced him to be evacuated to the united kingdom  .
how kansas or oregon can reach the final four of the ncaa tournament .
in january 2005 prime minister junichiro koizumi created a group of judges  ,  university professors  ,  and civil servants to study the problem  .
in rome  ,  he built the pantheon and the temple of venus and roma  .
in order to avoid embarrassing their hosts  ,  the brothers decided that only one of them would compete in the next pistol event  ,  the free pistol  .
a team of experts work on something really cool .
sylvie testud ( born january 17  ,  1971 ) is a french actress  ,  writer and director  .
it is also revealed that snape did not kill albus dumbledore  ,  but carried out dumbledore s prearranged plan  .
education digest: aid application tool is shut down .
in 19th century  ,  in north-america  ,  the term geek referred to a freak in circus side-shows ( see also freak show )  .
nauru is the smallest nation ( by population ) in the 202 member international olympic committee  .
two men shot in northeast d . c .  early sunday .
barcelona was the home city of the international olympic committee s president at the time  ,  juan antonio samaranch  .
johnny hallyday ,  who helped bring rock and roll to france ,  dies at 74 .
pliny the elder called it bambotus ( from a word meaning `` hippopotamus  ) and claudius ptolemy called it nias  .
this happens in london .  a woman is on a train .
he was in charge of the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910  .
ratan tata inducted into national academy of engineering in us .
however ,  you cannot see them in the video
this is an open-air architectural museum for keeping and showing structures of the meiji ( 1867-1912 ) and taishō ( 1913-1926 ) eras  .
with the germans having few anti-aircraft guns and severely limited support from the luftwaffe  ,  allied forces controlled the skies over aachen  .
but ,  they also do this when it is cloudy .
they also want to solve traffic jam problems .
most nudibranchs are carnivorous  .
hayley williams did guest vocals for the songs `` the church channel  and `` plea  for the say anything s album in defense of the genre that released on october 23  ,  2007  .
scotland has a referendum on its independence .
good morning america anchor robin roberts to guest judge on dancing with the stars monday march 31 .
it is a 2 , 000-year-old necropolis - a city of the dead .
zahid hasan takes time off on his birthday .
röbke also said that knut misses thomas dörflein  ,  who was like a father to him  ,  and that he cries when no one is near him  .
he played with the world-famous borodin quartet from 1945 when it was founded  ,  and was a member until he retired in 2007  .
adventure makes a person stronger: .
q&a: what trump wants from the iran nuclear deal ,  other than its quick death .
why oil billionaire harold hamm is wrong about a ‘trump rally’ in the markets .
facebook updates news feed to show more `high quality content` .
the bishopric of liège or prince-bishopric of liège was a state of the holy roman empire in the low countries in present belgium  .
bulgaria was first in the winter olympic games in 1936  ,  and has been in every winter games since then  .
bronislaw huberman helped feuermann and his family escape to israel in september 1938  .
in japan  ,  bananas have been grown to be used for clothing and in the house since at least the 13th century  .
d . c .  man sentenced to nine years in prison after shooting man ,  other crimes .
the tip of one of the 2 . 1 m ( 6 . 9 ft ) spikes detached and fell from the sculpture on the 6 january 2005  ,  only six days before the official unveiling  .
players can also play online against other players with the nintendo wi-fi connection  ,  with wii chess players being able to compete against players of world chess and wii chess players play against world chess players  .
they play together .
another fact to consider is the chocolate mountain aerial gunnery range which borders a part of the bradshaw trail to the south  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
new york governor andrew cuomo declared a state of emergency for every county in the state  .
his prediction for may 21  ,  2011 was widely reported  ,  in part because of a massive publicity campaign by family radio  ,  and it prompted responses from both atheist and christian organizations  .
in 2010 the last surviving knight  ,  the maharaja of dhrangadhra  ,  died and the order became dormant  .
the key section of the treaty was article v which says that each member state has to consider an armed attack against one state to be an armed attack against all states  .
each person wins 530 million dollars .
vanuatu has diplomatic relations with more than 65 countries  .
eventually  ,  bates  health deteriorated and he returned to england  ,  sending his collection by three different ships  .
john boehner signs up for healthcare .
el senado confirma a tillerson como secretario de estado .
teachers said things to her in class that embarrassed her .
can this confederate monument be redeemed ?  .
bucks pre-season game cancelled .
she is also the only woman to be a part of clockwork orange house of fun matches  .
rather  ,  the stimulus travels to the spinal cord and the message is then transmitted back through the body  ,  tracing a path called the reflex arc  .
the manchukuo yuan was the money used in the empire of manchukuo  ,  from june 1932 until august 1945  .
however  ,  the weekly live schedule proved to be a financial drain on the wwf  ,  and taped shows began airing every other week  .
its price goes up .  it goes from $13 .
syrian man with family turned back in philadelphia in shock .
the cité de la mer in cherbourg is is a museum of oceanic and underseas subjects  .
friedrichs v .  california teachers association: how right to work came to the supreme court .
his father was a shipyard worker  ,  and his mother was a homemaker  .
building materials and debris from ground zero were sent to the fresh kills landfill in staten island  .
robert leiken ,  political scientist whose scholarship bucked party lines ,  dies at 78 .
mack brown saga continues; .
rowling is a christian  .
in 1868  ,  he built a hotel for railroad passengers coming through cary  .
a uk politician blocked a law on upskirting .
these gardens contain about 100 , 000 kinds of plants ,  including rare ones .
alex ovechkin named one of nhl’s top-100 players of all time .
third title ix investigation at university of maryland opens .
taliban militants kill dozens of afghan troops in brazen attack on army base .
november may be most hazardous for deer crashes in the region .
rockwell wanted to portray a family within a theme of continuity  ,  virtue  ,  homeliness and abundance without extravagance  ,  as confirmed by water as the modest beverage choice  .
pnoy takes charge of relief operations .
the movie began in montreal on july 27  ,  2007 and the movie also had jet li acting as emperor han  .
dart services disrupted over bank holiday weekend .
some people said george was not wrong .
during the war  ,  freud studied the effect of deprivation of parental care on children  .
similarly  ,  1970s punk culture made the goth and emo subcultures  .
teenage driver killed in crash while fleeing traffic stop in loudoun .
they are seven months old .
they are signed with warp records and have released several works on that label with little advertising and few interviews  ,  while also having a secret  ,  privately-released back-catalogue of albums on their self-run music70 label  .
janet l .  yellen: wells fargo’s conduct has been ‘unacceptable’ .
shortly before saddam was born  ,  saddam s twelve-year-old brother died of cancer  ,  leaving his mother very depressed in the final months of the pregnancy  .
modern developmental biology studies the genetic control of cell growth  ,  differentiation and morphogenesis  .
day of the dead is a holiday .  it is from mexico .
syrian opposition agrees to unite for negotiations with the regime .
at any given time  ,  a contestant is sitting in the `` money chair  and earning money  ,  while defending his\/her position in the chair in bouts against another contestant  .
armed men asked by protesters to leave oregon wildlife refuge .
future population growth and the demand for resources is necessary for human colonization of objects other than earth  ,  such as mars and the moon  ,  and nearby planets  .
together with his former student richard taylor  ,  he published a second paper  .
it badly damages homes .  many people cannot stay home
the north german confederation ( german : norddeutscher bund )  ,  was a military alliance of 22 states of northern germany  .
after she heard about her new job ,  she was speechless .
he sees that people attack the food trucks .
all those surviving members who had already been made knights companions of the order were made knights grand commanders  .
ariana grande shares first ever original song by her .
trump’s first 100 days: of course it wasn’t a quiet weekend .
westbound lanes of interstate 66 in haymarket ,  va .  ,  closed .
giving eggs and peanuts to babies may stop these allergies .
they had ended their tour and were back in the studio in the process of making their next album  ,  when chris chasse left the band to start a family life  .
william george bunter ( a . k . a .  billy bunter  ,  the `` fat owl of the remove  )  ,  is a fictional character created by charles hamilton using the pen name frank richards  .
his maternal grandparents were prince philippe of france and his first wife henrietta of england  ,  daughter of charles i of england and queen henrietta maria  .
when the orchestra toured the united states in 1950 they were the first british orchestra to visit america since the london symphony orchestra in 1912  .
his idea was that the star was moving toward and then away from the earth  ,  and that the color changes were the because of that movement  .
google search was originally developed by larry page and sergey brin in 1997  ,  based on earlier search-engine designs  .
spectroscopic notation is based on facts taken from molecular symmetry  .
steve scalise readmitted to icu in serious condition .
more people climb mount fuji after it became a unesco world heritage site .
oliver postgate ( born hendon  ,  middlesex  ,  england  ,  12 april 1925 died broadstairs  ,  kent  ,  8 december 2008 ) was an english animator  ,  puppeteer and writer  .
ice cubes are made by filling a tray with water and putting it in a freezer  .
graeme swann retires from cricket .
`` it is wrong to focus too much on the testimonial ( historical ) value of his photos  .
we do not know .  the people there are not safe
fast-food workers learn their hours on the fly .  oregon wants to change that .  .
although hugo s many talents did not include exceptional musical ability  ,  he nevertheless had a great impact on the music world through the endless inspiration that his works provided for composers of the 19th and 20th century  .
in claws  ,  this results in an old layer  ,  and it breaks off  .
lott played college football for the university of southern california  .
parqués is the colombian version of pachisi  ,  which originated in india  .
in mathematics  ,  the pythagorean theorem or pythagoras  theorem is a statement about the sides of a right triangle  .
d . c .  police say fatal shooting near mount vernon square wasn’t random .
trump’s attack on a union leader will come back to haunt him .
sokka however throws his boomerang when the b button is pressed and uses the wii remote to aim  .
jenelle evans rips mom barbara for tricking her into signing over custody of son .
after buying the rights to the film in 1995  ,  katzenberg quickly put the film in active development  .
the urban educational and cultural opportunities of aarau have been extended through numerous new institutions  .
early in january 2009  ,  it was reported that robinson would move into the white house with the rest of the first family ( the president s family )  ,  so that she could continue to care for her granddaughters  .
these animals are dalmatian pelicans .
the swine flu is a disease .  around 13 , 000 people in india have this disease .
prosecutor: ms-13 members in maryland stabbed victim more than 80 times .
southeast d . c .  man charged in five armed robberies .
maryland fentanyl deaths surge again in first quarter of 2017 .
temasek holdings was until 2009 run by executive director and c . e . o .  ho ching  ,  the wife of lee hsien loong  .
his parent’s house was in california .  the computer was not very powerful .
on this day ,  russia beats germany and wins wwii .  the parade takes place on tuesday 9th .
the southern oscillation index ( soi ) is the difference in sea-level pressure measured at darwin and tahiti  .
in some areas ,  farmers lost a third of the potatoes used to make potato chips .
this is the second time the contest will be held in kiev  ,  the first being the 2009 contest  .
blind travelers can get around an airport more easily with new app .
total nonstop action wrestling originally had an agreement with national wrestling alliance and had control over both the nwa world heavyweight and world tag team championships  .
the methods and policies by which this data is obtained and compiled have changed many times throughout the chart s history  .
like the cremation of lm1  ,  this indicates that certain cultural traditions have existed on the australian continent for much longer than previously thought  .
samobor has been there since 1242  ,  according to a document of endowment by king bela iv  .
hocus pocus is a 1993 american family fantasy horror comedy movie  .
initially as a punk rock label operating from limburg  ,  but the focus shifted to indie  ,  singer\/songwriter  ,  folk and americana  .
he extended the work of ptolemy on binocular vision  ,  and commented on the anatomical works of galen  .
jennifer aniston wants to elope with justin theroux .
he was  ,  therefore  ,  a member of a noble family of great consequence  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
three radars are inoperable in the southeast on a ‘high risk’ severe weather day .
a man says that people think that lgbt people are not strong .
they watch a documentary film about the genocide
a quick professional assistance is the urgent priority among most of students when they need to write a last minute paper fast .
it belongs to an unusual class of stars called cepheid variables  .
doctors must test it on pregnant women .  this is a very difficult problem .
there are around 1 , 600 pandas in the wild .  around 370 pandas live at zoos and other centres
about 5 feet of sand was scoured  ,  leaving beachfront homes in a natural vegetation state  .
walt disney adapted the grimms version to an animated movie in 1937 called snow white and the seven dwarfs  .
examples include axes  ,  splitting mauls  ,  and splitting wedges  .
suárez is a t12  ,  a blind runner  ,  and he sometimes compete against runners without disabilities  .
in the first election in 1855  ,  one candidate  ,  daniel cameron  ,  rode a horse with solid gold horse shoes through the main street  .
it is 3 kilometres from stonehenge .
westminster under school is a private preparatory school for boys aged 7 to 13 and is part of westminster school in london  .
people have written nutrition guides to put different foods into food groups and recommend daily servings of each group for a healthy diet  .
he made clear his dislike of the musical segments of the show at every opportunity whenever he was chosen to perform in them  ,  mostly because of his inability to form lyrics quickly  .
jonah hill and leonardo dicaprio re-enact titanic .
s .  allen counter ,  who found descendants of u . s .  explorers in greenland ,  dies at 73 .
regional banks lobby congress on dodd-frank rules .
trincomalee district is in the east of sri lanka  .
michelle obama really likes prince harry .
even though the plane was damaged a lot  ,  `` many (  .  .  .  ) were able to walk away on their own   .
only one of the 10 best-performing ceos in the world runs a u . s .  company .
some people are crucified .
it said you would need a shower if you watched it .
when the governess arrives at bly house she is greeted by the housekeeper  ,  mrs .  grose  ,  and the children who ( bow and curtsey )  .
she married agnew on may 27  ,  1942 in baltimore  ,  maryland ; he had graduated from army officer candidate school two days before the marriage  .
lavar ball takes his shirt off at wwe raw against the miz .
metis was found by andrew graham on april 25  ,  1848 ; it was his only asteroid discovery  .
her house traps her .  she must wait for help for 50 hours .
maryam rajavi extends condolences to spain .
the only difference is that instead of the subscript number used today ( for example  ,  h2o )  ,  berzelius used a superscript  .
you can see it in the western australia museum
more beats can be gotten by doing combos while grabbing bananas  .
the world scrabble championship happens in lille ,  france .  people from 30 countries come .
tenn .  man sentenced in 2016 bb gun incident that locked down capitol .
he then joined the department of architecture at the royal academy of fine arts in ghent instead  .
modern dancers try to show their innermost emotions through dancing  ,  often trying to get closer to their inner-selves  .
nepal formally begins much delayed earthquake reconstruction .
he attended the area s schools  ,  and later managed his father s farm  .
hilarie burton’s husband is ‘proud’ of her for speaking out after ben affleck assault .
it quickly spread across asia .
several songs performed by michele as rachel have been released as digital download singles  .
unemployment rate drops to lowest level in a decade in april as economy adds 211 , 000 jobs .
we now know that eating disorders are a big problem in the fashion world .
the youngest l .  maerski specimens collected may also have male organs : it is now thought that the animals hatch as males and then become females  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
its main attraction is ecological diversity  .
sydney wrighte leads freedom-south riding to virginia 5a gymnastics title .
due to the diverse number philippine languages  ,  a program for the `` development and adoption of a common national language based on the existing native dialects  was drafted in the 1935 philippine constitution  .
one man dead ,  another wounded in shooting at college park apartment complex .
other corporate messaging systems allow registered users to also connect from outside the corporation lan  ,  by using a secure firewall-friendly https based protocol  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
van de velde wanted individuality of artists while hermann muthesius wanted standardization  .
three of these became top 10 hits on singapore radio charts  .
she is the first indian woman to be seeded in a grand slam tennis tournament  .
do we have a competition deficit ?  .
his nephew is aurelio de laurentiis  ,  a film producer and the chairman of ssc napoli football club  .
the screening took place at the conciliacione auditorium  ,  blasco giurato ( director of photography of cinema paradiso ) was there  .
other sports have been hosted at portman road  ,  including athletics in 1927  ,  an american football match in 1953  ,  and several international hockey matches in the 1960s and 70s  .
police arrest 11 people .  people traffick these drugs from northern thailand to malaysia .
he also appeared in such shows as starsky and hutch  ,  t .  j .  hooker  ,  the a-team  ,  charmed and star trek : the next generation  .
they know dogs help children to develop .
there was not a lot of research on food sizes and how much people eat .
they can write about their feelings ,  the most interesting moments in their lives ,  dreams ,  favorite foods ,  favorite places or favorite activities .
prince george’s police officer indicted amid investigation of upskirt photos .
tuscany is known for its landscapes and its artistic legacy  .
former oregon player colt lyerla arrested .
his first album greetings from asbury park  ,  n . j .   ,  released in january 1973  ,  was commercely not a success but was highly favored by music critics  .
it was created in 1949 and is named for dr john bradfield  ,  the designer of the sydney harbour bridge  .
however ,  he has a problem with drugs .
he is the first king of the netherlands since the death of his great-great-grandfather  ,  william iii  ,  in 1890  .
two years later  ,  he was awarded the united states medal of freedom by president lyndon b .  johnson  .
experts look at the whales .  they try to find out more
the boy knows that this is the end .  years pass .
how james woods mistakenly announced his retirement in a real estate listing .
good morning .
baader and others then spent some time in a palestinian military training camp in jordan before being thrown out  .
joe haldeman s the forever war is a response to the world war ii-style stories of earlier military sf authors  .
the equal employment opportunity commission has been busier than ever .
marvin was born in new york city  ,  united states  .
ashton eaton of us wins decathlon world title .
students in goteborg ,  sweden ,  need to travel in the busy city centre .  but now they do not need to take a bus or a taxi .
check out the video .
in 1937 ,  her navigator and she fly over the pacific ocean .
but there are some problems .
the president of the african development bank ,  akinwumi adesina ,  won the 2017 world food prize .
the tv series uses a fake polar bear .
the east of the sturt national park has flood plains  ,  some trees and small rocky gorges and creek beds  .
there is what may be the remains of stone circles at either end  .
there was also singles and doubles events for boys and girls ( players under 18 )  .
spicejet ,  tigerair sign interline agreement .
it started with six teams  ,  including the oklahoma city blazers  ,  the tulsa oilers  ,  the wichita thunder  ,  the memphis riverkings  ,  the dallas freeze and the fort worth fire  .
it weighs 28-54 kg and its length is 0 . 84-1  . 1 m with a 80-100 cm tail  ,  and is about 1 . 3 m tall  .
the church was repaired and renovated  .
this news is from koh samui .  koh samui is an island ,  and it is in thailand .
this is half the size of a car parking space .
the police are talking to them
after he graduated from high school  ,  he entered hankuk university of foreign studies majoring in law  .
another american study in 2002 concluded that 54 % of women who had an abortion were using a form of contraception at the time of becoming pregnant  .
the government said the company tried to sell the toys at high prices .
by november  ,  soviet forces were preparing for a winter attack  .
it is around 100 years old .
the high walls and vaulted stone roofs were often supported by flying buttresses : half arches which transmit the outward thrust of the superstructure to supports or buttresses  ,  usually on the outside of the building  .
hertha was germany s second most successful team during the inter-war years  .
she is known as the `` queen of neo-soul   .
many wrote about their bad luck .
volvo has a plan .  it wants cars to be safe .
the videos are for free .
wernicke s area  ,  which spans the region between temporal and parietal lobes  ,  plays a key role ( with broca s area  ,  which is in the frontal lobe )  .
a new banana has a skin you can eat .
on her way to heathrow airport to start her new job with air australia  ,  her car suffers a flat tyre  .
however  ,  the referees threw away the key and the tool that tarver tried to use to break in  .
david lloyd george  ,  1st earl lloyd-george of dwyfor om  ,  pc ( 17 january 1863 - 26 march 1945 ) was the british prime minister during the last half of world war i .  he was prime minister for six years  ,  between 1916 and 1922  .
it is in shanghai ,  china .
the player with white pieces always makes the first move  .
there are also significant foreigners from asia  ,  turkey  ,  and other arab countries  .
25 dead cats found hanging from trees in new york .
more than 1 , 000 detained in crackdown against iran protests ,  rights groups say .
white house rebuffs ethics office recommendation to discipline kellyanne conway .
the birds of the bay are the little auk  ,  snowy owl  ,  willow ptarmigan  ,  rock ptarmigan  ,  gyrfalcon  ,  arctic redpoll and guillemots  .
the surgeon general is chosen by the u . s .  president and confirmed by the senate  .
they choose the name nora .
on march 12  ,  2004  ,  the museum announced that it would revert to its old name  ,  the brooklyn museum  .
the rise in attacks could be because knives are more difficult to get .
the hawke government made him a director of the australian broadcasting corporation  .
after having a fight with him in soccer  ,  vincent punched the umpire but mk sun took the blame  .
dennis edwards ,  grammy-winning member of the temptations ,  dies at 74 .
imran khan wants to have better relations with neighbours india and afghanistan .
a 16-foot ,  3 , 500-pound great white shark was tracked off the atlantic coast over weekend .
this shows that it has been opened by a small rodent like the dormouse  ,  wood mouse  ,  or bank vole  .
he waits with her .  later ,  the man wants to adopt the baby .  he cannot .
there are also records of specific religious rites which the viceroy of el-kab was to have performed in the temples in nubia for the king  .
the fact that human traits can be observed in the everyday behaviors of this animal was very intriguing for köhler  .
after the release of reckless the album would chart on the british album chart and would later be a silver record by the bpi  .
it is the seventh film in the series .  it is directed by j .
other singles from the album included `` nobody s perfect   ,  `` who s laughing now  and `` who you are  which charted within the top 20 in the uk but the release of fifth single `` domino  became international chart success  ,  peaking at number 6 on the billboard hot 100 and becoming her second uk number one  .
ex-maryland school aide ,  coach faces 206-count indictment in child sex abuse investigation .
living in a ‘village on the water’ at the wharf in southwest washington .
schigolch arrives  ,  asking for money  .
these courts are administratively and financially independent from any other government body  .
in 2015 ,  the usa made a law to let companies mine in space .
kodiak and unalaska are two of the most important fishing ports in the united states  .
the worldwide sites have been divided by the world heritage committee into five geographic zones : africa  ,  arab states  ,  asia-pacific  ,  europe & north america  ,  and latin america & the caribbean  .
a passenger was killed by a falling rock ,  and five teens are now charged with murder .
it was released on september 8  ,  2011 in australasia  ,  september 9  ,  2011 in europe and on september 13  ,  2011 in north america  .
they don’t know when these attacks will end
las vegas residents mourn shooting victims at vigil .
two students injured in a knife attack at prince george’s county high school .
the mother stops caring for her .  people must help the little bear .
richard dominguez was born in dallas  ,  texas on september 22  ,  1960 as the second of seven children  .
the malayan gaur is called seladang  ,  and the burmese gaur is called pyoung  .
angry birds star wars coming to all major gaming consoles .
a heavy smoker  ,  he died in paris  ,  france  ,  from a heart attack on 26 september 2003 at the age of 54  .
an escopetarra is a guitar made from a rifle ; it is used as a symbol of peace  .
nfl won’t put ezekiel elliott on commissioner’s exempt list; considers appeal of injunction ruling .
although selected for the british team for the men s road race at the 2009 uci road world championships  ,  his illness prevented him from taking part  .
there he also studied classical philology  ,  archeology  ,  art history  ,  and polish literature  .
young people will get the skills to develop the digital economy .
she said it started last year .
they have been coming to wiley s well since the 1930s with the discovery of geode beds  .
d . c .  united matches to appear on newschannel 8 ,  abc7 .
emile alphonse griffith ( february 3  ,  1938 - july 23  ,  2013 ) was a former boxer who was the first fighter from the u . s .  virgin islands ever to become a world champion in boxing  .
in the wild  ,  lar gibbons live about 25 years  .
alan rickman is an actor .  he is famous from the harry potter films .  he played professor snape .
soon ,  they will print legs for other kinds of animals ,  too
the annual meeting of g8 leaders is attended by the heads of government and other invited guests  .
all i ever wanted has sold 828 , 000 copies in the u . s .   .
suspect in shootings of 6 in maryland and delaware caught ,  officials say .
at loudoun county high ,  students are guiding students .
d . c .  police arrest 16-year-old in killing of man who had turned life around .
she is the matriarch of the orangutan group
people celebrate christmas on 25th december and in some countries on 24th december .
adam rippon becomes oldest u . s .  figure-skating olympic rookie since 1936 .
the bloor-danforth line opened up in 1966 along bloor street and danforth avenue from keele street to woodbine avenue  ,  and was made longer in 1968 to run from islington avenue to warden station at warden and st .  clair avenues  .
ufc 203: how the reborn alistair overeem matches up with heavyweight champion stipe miocic .
in honduras a powerful earthquake happened in 2009  .
saddam had pushed oil-exporting countries to raise oil prices and cut back production  ,  but on top of kuwaiti refusals to do so  ,  kuwait helped spearhead opec s opposition to the production cuts that saddam had requested  .
it is born in 20 minutes .  it weighs 60 kilogrammes .
can you blame us for accepting the lucrative spanish offer  ?
there are ponds for the cows up there .
written history appeared first with the ancient greeks  ,  whose historians greatly contributed to the development of historical methodology  .
in 1988  ,  he wrote 13 songs for singer tapan chowdhury  .
when ‘antiracists’ are the racists: left-wing anti-semitism in britain .
denton a .  cooley ,  surgeon who performed first u . s .  heart transplant ,  dies at 96 .
like other titles in the metroid prime series  ,  metroid prime hunters is a first-person adventure game where the focus is on exploration and discovery  .
why tuesday was a very good night for senate democrats .
jockey timmy murphy banned for altercation in weighing room .
he is in quarantine now .
doctors say this is light at the end of a dark tunnel for many families .
nisa to release toradora on blu-ray .
in 1986  ,  sundquist left the band and was replaced by matt cameron  ,  who was the drummer for skin yard  .
population trends are stable in well-protected areas  ,  and are building up in a few areas which had been neglected  .
clinton’s final attempt in n . h . : stanch the bleeding with young voters .
david blaine has also performed for lakshmi mittal  .
apple launches a new iphone .
it counted with the support of leonese provincial government this second leonese language day was celebrated on december 16  ,  2007  .
shanghai is a city in china .  a shopping centre in shanghai opens a slide .
edwin hawkins ,  gospel star whose ‘oh ,  happy day’ was a crossover success ,  dies at 74 .
a blouson is a coat that is drawn tight at the waist  ,  causing it to hang over the waist  .
shen bao played an important role and helped form public opinion at the end of the 19th century  .
a mood is an emotional state of mind  .
most of the land is considered within the alps  ,  but a small area is part of the plain of the river po which drains the north of italy  .
police: texas sheriff’s deputy killed his son then himself .
on december 12  ,  2008  ,  she attracted national attention after filing a motion with the supreme court of illinois to remove governor rod blagojevich from office  .
elon musk hopes that the city will be nice
what ben carson got wrong about government assistance .
right now ,  people come to see the whale .
marian lois robinson ( née shields ; july 30  ,  1937 ) is the mother of michelle obama and mother-in-law of president barack obama  .
further  ,  it has no obvious feeding apparatus ( mouth  ,  gut  ,  etc .  ) and so its lifestyle is somewhat of an enigma  .
rand paul makes the cnn prime-time debate ,  by a hair .
kristen stewart ready to date men again ,  was ‘deeply in love’ with all her exes .
voltaire described the history of certain ages that were important according to him  ,  instead of describing events in a chronological order  .
athelm and his nephew saint dunstan both became archbishops of canterbury  .
shah rukh khan tops list of best looking rugged celebrities .
novak djokovic denies report that he threw a match in 2007 .
zork was one of the first interactive fiction computer games and a descendant of colossal cave adventure  .
in either step  ,  the signal can be amplified  .
candidates take a break after hectic campaigning .
the police come and help the elephant .  they move some earth at one side of the pit .
some politicians get angry .
man ,  woman shot in southeast washington .
also  ,  with 10-minute sustained winds of 160 mph ( 260 km\/h )  ,  typhoon tip is the strongest cyclone in the list of tropical cyclones by the japan meteorological agency  .
after that she lived in switzerland and the netherlands  .
karl popper was born in vienna ( then in austria-hungary ) in 1902 to middle-class parents of jewish origins  ,  both of whom had converted to christianity  .
in health-care bill ,  two prized republican goals converge .
she asks for him to meet her .  they are very happy to see each other
body piercing happens every year .
in 1993  ,  a sick dog wandered into rockford  .
your web browser saves bandwidth by saving parts of a website into a local cache ( usually to the hard drive of your computer )  .
5 metres tall .
a pregnancy that ends this way  ,  but that is between 20 and 37 weeks old is known as `` premature birth  if the baby is born alive  .
tito beltrán was born in punta arenas  ,  chile  .
five hours later ,  she cannot feel her legs .
it is about an old woman .  she slips out of her window .  she is hanging from the window .
head-on crash in anne arundel leaves two drivers dead ,  passengers injured .
it has an area of 5 . 90 km ² and 15 , 900 inhabitants  .
what to do on the night before thanksgiving .
fairfax county man found dead after canoe tips at park .
elisabeth sladen played sarah jane smith in doctor who between the years of 1973 and 1976  .
bessie smith ( july 9  ,  1892 or april 15  ,  1894 - september 26  ,  1937 ) was an american blues singer  .
mick mills holds the record for ipswich league appearances  .
mass shooting victim gabrielle giffords attends new york gun show .
four wines from spain and portugal to try .
in 1848 in vilnius  ,  he staged and conducted the first performance of his opera halka  .
the latex macro package written by leslie lamport at the beginning of the 1980s  ,  offered a simpler interface  ,  and an easier way to systematically encode the structure of a document  .
giving these to babies may keep allergies away .
the people cannot decide .
because of this action  ,  he was given the medal of honor four months later  ,  on december 31  ,  1864  .
in 1926 when de valera left sinn féin to found his own republican party  ,  fianna fáil  ,  ó ceallaigh followed him  ,  becoming one of the party s founding members  .
should schools ask students about their sexual orientation to protect lgbt rights ?  .
the bands blue mountain  ,  whiskeytown  ,  blood oranges and drive-by truckers kept going in this direction before most began to move more in the direction of rock music in the 2000s  .
snow blocks the road and a rescue team cannot use cars .
it’s here where the little prince appeared on earth ,  and disappeared .
this was a small nationalist party which the british government and the irish media wrongly blamed for the rising  .
the cause of death was heart failure  ,  australia defeated sri lanka in the final by 53 runs ( d\/l )  ,  extending their undefeated run in the world cup to 29 matches and winning three straight world cups  .
nearby marine city is built on land reclaimed from the sea  ,  and has several huge  ,  high-rise apartment blocks  .
the bohrok began to tear through the villages on the island  ,  forcing matoran to flee  .
there may soon be a drug for the common cold .
large grinding mills were usually powered by working animals  ,  wind ( windmill ) or water ( watermill ) in the past  .
it has many vitamins .
the spacecraft took the picture 46 , 292 miles (74 , 500 km) above the planet
stanley greene ,  photographer of indelible moments of war and disaster ,  dies at 68 .
suddenly christian realizes that a key he has  ,  called promise  ,  will open all the doors and gates of doubting castle  .
during the times of the old scythians it was known in greek as the tanaïs  ,  and has been a major trading route ever since  .
tp4 is carried by the wind ,  water ,  cars and people .
cowbirds are birds of the genus molothrus  .
a warm water port is a port where the water does not freeze in winter time  .
in hydrobiology\/fisheries biology  ,  and a doctor of philosophy ( ph . d .  ) in zoology from the university of port harcourt  .
the media asks one woman what she thinks .  she doesn’t think that a ufo did this .
geoffrey was finally freed by the intervention of pope urban ii in 1096  .
the study said people thought bald men were taller and stronger than men with hair .
they are only three and nine years old when a volcano erupts .
using either quotation marks or italics can emphasize that an instance of a word refers to the word itself  ,  rather than its associated concept  .
seeger lived in new york city  .
bethesda teen found dead in stream after party was carrying fake ids ,  police say .
trump: i love cincinnati .
stowe was born harriet elisabeth beecher in litchfield  ,  connecticut  ,  on june 14  ,  1811  .
when hitler ordered the invasion of poland in september 1939  ,  kellner began his secret diary  .
this happens in south london .  a man is in a bank .
no ,  kelli ward doesn’t believe in the ‘chemtrail’ conspiracy theory .
its name is bepicolombo .  people move it to south america .  there is a european spaceport there .
a few bands also use keyboards to make the sound of folk instruments  .
the formula one only has a few seconds .  people film everything .
woman and child attacked by teens in georgetown .
he graduated on 15 november 1911  ,  and was a lieutenant in january 1912  .
ancient woodland in the uk  ,  like rainforest in the tropics  ,  is home to rare and threatened species  ,  more than any other uk habitat  .
austria sells 1 . 1 billion euros in debt at lower yields .
there are valuable artefacts in pompeii .  criminals want to take them .
one organisation helps them .  the children have surfing lessons .
in 2006 it was the second largest book fair in the world after the frankfurt book fair  .
the two polar ice caps appear to be made largely of frozen water  .
they put locks to show their love .
by painstaking observations and experiments  ,  he found the seeming helpers were  ,  in fact  ,  robbers awaiting an opportunity to steal the roller s food source  .
this year is the year of the goat .
miss manners: get them a gift and leave your incredulity out of it .
kyrgyzstan has 663 rallies and protest actions in 2013 .
ice hockey top 10: spalding closes in on perfect season in maryland girls hockey league .
israelis like him .
never use grave and acute accents or backticks ( ` text ´ ) as quotation marks or apostrophes  .
however  ,  with steric hindered grignard reagents  ,  the reaction may proceed by single-electron transfer  .
following the title s introduction in 1991  ,  a tournament was held to determine the first champion  .
russia police detain hundreds protesting against jailing of activists .
government working for relaxation of curbs on gold imports: .
john hiatt will keep it real at birchmere .
he died on december 15  ,  1966 from lung cancer in burbank  ,  california  .
al jolson ( may 26  ,  1886 - october 23  ,  1950 ) was a russian - american singer and actor  .
smoke  ,  charred wood  ,  and heat can stimulate the germination of seeds  .
sometimes  ,  the difference in two bullet designs fired from the same rifle can result in a difference between the two of over 30 cm ( 1 foot ) at 500 meters ( 550 yards )  .
cobb county releases memorandum of understanding with the braves .
in december 2005 accusations were made that the nme end of year poll had been edited for commercial and political reasons  .
the most important brackish water habitats are estuaries  ,  where a river meets the sea  .
veteran bollywood cinematographer vk murthy passes away .
i didn’t feel ok about it .
the numbers of people who stayed in hospital a second time or who died were lower if the doctor was female .
around 25 million of these might never go .
during that time  ,  black people were also represented by the industrial and commercial workers  union and the once white-only communist party  .
robert m .  pirsig ,  best-selling author of ‘zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance , ’ dies at 88 .
the house of commons of canada ( french : chambre des communes ) is a part of the parliament of canada  ,  along with the sovereign ( represented by the governor general ) and the senate  .
george martin did not produce the song  ,  so the beatles themselves were listed as producer  ,  with martin s apprentice chris thomas present in the control room to help  .
achmed first appeared in spark of insanity  ,  and later made an appearance in the very special christmas special  ,  singing a song called `` jingle bombs   .
purple hearts just approved for marines and sailor targeted in chattanooga attack .
the five species of jackrabbit found in central and western north america can run at 64 km\/h ( 40 mph )  ,  and can leap up to 3m ( ten feet ) at a time  .
fontainebleau is a sub-prefecture of the seine-et-marne department  .
snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food  .
many people like beauty pageants .
johns hopkins performs first transplants between donors ,  recipients infected with hiv .
metro employees disciplined after evacuating passengers before cutting third-rail power .
mikael tariverdiev was a recipient of multiple awards  ,  including the ussr state prize ( 1977 ) and the prize of the american academy of music ( 1975 )  .
there are over 100 different species of roses  .
robinson accepted a contract for $ 400 ( $ 4 , 736 in 2014 dollars ) per month  .
in botany  ,  apomixis was defined by hans winkler as the replacement of the normal sexual reproduction by asexual reproduction  ,  without fertilization  .
as the result of his conquests  ,  the cotentin peninsula was included in the territory of the duchy of brittany  .
since 2001  ,  the museum has embarked on a major # 150m renovation program which has seen a major overhaul of the departments including the introduction of newer galleries  ,  gardens  ,  shops and visitor facilities  .
after the fall of the soviet union in 1991  ,  ukraine held an independence referendum in which the residents of zakarpattia were asked about the zakarpattia oblast council s proposal for self rule  .
more than 6 , 000 migrants rescued in mediterranean amid surge on dangerous sea route .
it was produced and distributed by walt disney pictures in association with barry sonnenfeld and josephson entertainment  .
the rainforests of the iron range have species that also live in new guinea  ,  including the eclectus parrot and southern common cuscus  .
the university soon developed into one of the most important scientific and cultural centres of the region and the most notable scientific center of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth  .
the department is surrounded by the departments : and by spain ( provinces of lleida and huesca ) to the south  .
post’s fahrenthold wins toner prize for reporting on trump’s charity .
# re-branded engine built with a licence from ferrari  .
the leaders will discuss a better future together .
a tiger is in a zoo in england .  a tiger is in a zoo in england .
this marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces  ,  but not the occcupation zones  .
the police talked about the damage the scams do to people .
at first  ,  archeologists believed the city was built by the toltec people  .
part of australia s great dividing range  ,  the peninsula ridge  ,  is like a backbone along the peninsula  .
when tropical storm zeta formed at 0600 utc on december 31  ,  it became the second latest-forming tropical cyclone ever recorded in the atlantic ocean  ,  forming about six hours earlier than hurricane alice did in 1954  .
the idea of ​​nine elephants made the little prince laugh ,  they would have to stand on each other .
rayshad lewis ,  son of ravens legend ray lewis ,  will transfer to maryland football .
zermatt is a municipality in the district of visp in the canton of valais in switzerland  .
slippery roads cause three crashes on trans-canada .
there will be a park ,  a japanese garden ,  and 120 luxury homes .
one of the early explanations for the appearance of the ssfs - and the evolution of mineralized skeletons - is a sudden increase in the ocean s concentration of calcium  .
the elephant is better now
this news is about a woman .
clarified butter  ,  vegetable oils  ,  or lard are commonly used fats  .
phosphate mining began in the 1890s using indentured workers from singapore  ,  china  ,  and malaysia  .
infobae now powered by the washington post’s arc technology .
firefighters rescue landscaper trapped under boulder .
bischoff said that he fired austin because he refused to do a taping in atlanta  .
on july 26  ,  2011 he released the first single `` this city  featuring lupe fiasco on itunes  .
tom brady’s deflategate suspension reinstated by federal court .
rooney will be buried in hollywood .
if women worked more ,  they would get a voucher .  they could use this to pay for help with the housework .
outrage in japan as u . s .  marine veteran arrested in connection with death of woman on okinawa .
in south africa ,  winnie madikizela-mandela fights against apartheid .  she is the wife of nelson mandela for some time .
before playing at the edmonton folk music festival in 2002  ,  he started feeling dizzy and started to have a chronic cough  .
floyd was the first named storm to strike southern florida in two years  .
they get out of it .  a few minutes later ,  the sinkhole gets bigger .  the car falls down inside it
anne gearan joins the post’s white house team .
in some competitions  ,  an adjustment is made using 30 skiers instead of 15  .
in the united states the national society of genetic counselors defines genetic counselling as : a genetic counsellor is an expert with a master of science degree in genetic counseling  .
now it is march .  in italy ,  a boat owner is at a port .  he sees a suitcase in the water .
surgeon is guilty of serious misconduct .
the pattern of the streets was completely remodeled in the 1860s by architect and urbanist victor besme  .
the stadium is in the north of the city .
it was used in england by apothecaries and jewellers  .
single or double quotation marks show the text as meaning either speech or a quotation  .
you can know exactly to what details you should pay attention while covering one of the topics .
hart accepts being dropped .
as they were leaving gallo the internationalists were surprised and surrounded by government troops and all were arrested  .
the jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first part of the project  ,  but because of the lack of money the line stayed the same until the late 1990s  .
hence  ,  it can not have been the ancestor of any synapsids  ,  which have only one such opening  .
it had units for length  ,  area  ,  dry volume  ,  liquid capacity  ,  weight or mass  ,  and even amounts of money  ,  but not for time  .
dorothy continued to live with the couple  .
moore first picked up a cue stick at car barns  ,  playing on the single 4 x 8 foot pool table the bowling alley had  .
emergent properties give an evolutionary advantage to members of the school which non-members do not receive  .
he was music director of the orchestre de paris from 1972 until 1975  .
after 75 years ,  remains of five dead pearl harbor sailors are identified .
nfl flex scheduling moves bengals-cardinals to sunday night football .
trump campaign lines up nearly two-dozen high-dollar fundraisers for busy august .
it broke the record during the first day it was sold sales from the game worldwide reached us$ 650 million within five days after its release  .
the body of the short-beaked echidna is  ,  except for the underside  ,  face and legs  ,  covered with cream-coloured spines  .
the bass and drum rhythms are influenced by funk music but with more intensity  ,  while the guitar can be funk-or-rock-influenced  ,  usually with distortion  ,  which is similar to overdrive or fuzz  .
abrictosaurus is usually thought to be the most basal member of the family heterodontosauridae  .
people say we dont need it today because we have electric lights and people work day and night .
carolyn nichols ,  editor who brought a feistiness to romance heroines ,  dies at 78 .
the united states introduced a resolution in the un security council calling for a cease-fire and the withdrawal of armed forces by india and pakistan  .
azerbaijan seeks to upset status quo -- .
this series would also end a long period of success for the yankees in the world series  .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra  .
fifteen passengers are missing .
other endings are studied according to the pieces on board other than kings  ,  e . g .  rook and pawn versus rook endgame  .
animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion  .  )
motorcyclist critically injured in hyattsville collision last month dies .
holland is working on a ban .
laura formed out of a large non-tropical low pressure area 1015 miles ( 1635 km ) west of the western islands of the azores on september 29  .
summertime is a single released by r&b singer beyoncé featuring rapper p .  diddy in 2003  .
she lay in state at westminster hall before being buried beside her husband at st .  george s chapel at windsor castle  .
in 1999 the common pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different-frequency echolocation calls  .
d . c .  police release video of two men wanted in shooting of 6-year-old boy .
on-shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land  .
kaetlyn osmond visiting marystown .
the two friends  ,  who were both by now experienced amateur entomologists  ,  met in london to prepare themselves by viewing south american plants and animals in the main collections  .
people hold a championship in austria .
it is also the seat of government for the podlaskie voivodeship  .
like the other falco species  ,  they have long wings and a long tail  .
police ,  emergency workers and zoo workers work together .
`` hayk  studio of documental movies will collaborate with producers in the united states  ,  to bring this exceptional project to life  .
three men shot ,  one fatally ,  in basement of house in northeast washington .
it is in north dublin .  this minion falls onto a road .
here is news from germany .  a bus is on a highway .
st .  paul park man dies after gun inadvertently discharged .
in 1962 the dark frigate also won the lewis carroll shelf award  .
former hotel in d . c . ’s glover park to re-emerge as millennial-friendly apartments .
the bezirke generally only deals with administration and court organization  .
existing-home sales jump in u . s .  in november .
a study of the bones and joints of the arm  ,  shoulder  ,  and legs also concluded that h .  floresiensis was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans  .
brackets are tall punctuation marks used in matched pairs within text  .
the post’s jason rezaian held 500 days in iran’s evin prison .
it starts in the morning and ends in the evening .
west virginia coach dana holgorsen got a little crazy after texas win .
it is a triple cream brie that is creamy and faintly sour  .
he died in a car .  it was the porsche carrera gt .  the car had an accident .
a modern bombilla uses a straight tube with holes  ,  or spring sleeve to act as a sieve  .
fbi investigates claim that hacker broke into cia director’s private e-mail .
the total length of the azerbaijan railways ranks 57th in length among the countries in the world  .
you laugh during this yoga lesson .
in 1861 there was a collision between two trains  ,  which killed 23 people and injured 176 others  .
they are mostly found in low-density parts of the universe  ,  and are rare in the centers of galaxy clusters  .
the liver birds are two large and famous bronze metal birds on top of a building - the liver building - in the city of liverpool  ,  england  .
megan hilty weds actor brian gallagher in las vegas !  .
it will be produced by nickelodeon movies and paramount animation  ,  and will be distributed by paramount pictures  .
hizen had borders with the provinces of chikuzen and chikugo  .
prudius has also worked as a stage and screen actor  ,  having a small part in spike lee s 25th hour  .
closing arguments set for highest-ranking officer charged in freddie gray’s death .
in u . s .  ,  trial begins in general motors ignition switch case .
study: good heart attack care could add a year to your life .
the day after the raid the irish minister for justice  ,  gerald boland  ,  at an emergency meeting of the dáil ( government ) introduced the emergency powers bill to allow internment ( taking prisoner )  ,  military tribunal  ,  and executions for ira members  .
starbucks pledges to hire 10 , 000 veterans .
terrorist attacks against civilians carried out by separatists  ,  most notably the moscow theater hostage crisis and beslan school siege  ,  caused hundreds of deaths  .
the precursor to hurricane john was a tropical wave that moved off the coast of africa on july 25th  .
but you will cry .
he made jorgensen several offers to appear in the movie  .
darlington is a city in lafayette county in the u . s .  state of wisconsin  .
george mason soccer commits emma and shannon lee lead battlefield’s quest for third straight state title .
he won 2000 pesetas for his victory  .
death investigation under way after police find two bodies in a mclean house .
example : cap ( which means just `` chromosome-associated protein  ) can refer to any of six different genes : ( brd4  ,  cap1  ,  lnpep  ,  ptpla  ,  serpinb6  ,  and sorbs1 )  .
in 1992 album hollywood town hall was the first to be released on the major label def american  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
his chamber music includes 3 violin sonatas and a cello sonata as well as a piano sonata and many shorter piano pieces  .
nelson mandela could be discharged from hospital .
u . s .  officials warn of russian mischief in election and beyond .
then they take him to the vet to make sure that he is ok
the driver of the car is also injured
mered did not care about peoples lives .  police said he wanted to be very rich from people smuggling .
they are with a two-month-old baby and a toddler .
the internet cracks itself up over robert griffin iii going to the browns .
robin williams’s suicide was followed by a sharp rise in ‘copycat’ deaths .
carjacking suspect killed in d . c .  in shootout with police from pr .  george’s .
the cruelty of keeping orcas in captivity .
couples can still do this at ten other bridges in paris
the river is a boundary between zambia and zimbabwe .
if you take a d . c .  cab during this weekend’s blizzard ,  be prepared to shell out extra $$ .
the alden kindred of america  ,  inc .  is a non-profit organization that owns and takes care of the john alden house  .
based on genetic evidence  ,  the closest living relatives of the dictyoptera are the phasmids  .
only the most difficult convicts were sent to the tasman peninsula prison known as port arthur  .
need to write an essay an hour or afraid not to meet the deadline ?  don’t worry .
as early as 1862  ,  belmont and samuel tilden bought stock in the new york world in order to make it publish stories supporting the democrats  ,  with the help of manton m .  marble  ,  its editor-in-chief  .
the germans had a total of 55 divisions  .
the fossil is 10 centimetres ( 3 . 9 in ) in length and virtually complete  .
during the finale of the 2008 arca season  ,  ricky stenhouse jr .  hit speed and sent him into the wall  .
nine traditional industry villages will be established this month .  .
the remaining five tanks were hit by t-26s  ,  t-28s and 45 mm anti-tank guns   .
it was 21 december 69  ,  the year that had begun with galba on the throne  .
it is a super typhoon .  it hits taiwan again .
knowledge of elamite history remains largely fragmentary  ,  reconstruction being based on mainly mesopotamian sources  .
this reacts with carbon dioxide to make thallium ( i ) carbonate  ,  which is also water-soluble and very heavy  .
montgomery was criticised for not counter-attacking the retreating forces immediately  ,  but he felt strongly that his build-up of british forces was not yet ready  .
in 2012  ,  he had a plan ado $ 23 , 000 athlete scholarship with a $ 3 , 000 reserve and a $ 2 , 500 coaching scholarship  .
amid an increase in deportations under trump ,  fairfax ends federal agreement to keep inmates wanted by ice .
a man is in the sea .
blooms naturally occur in golden  ,  orange  ,  yellow  ,  and white colors  .
after she stopped being a political person  ,  she co-wrote an autobiography with her husband  .
eau de cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in cologne in 1709 by giovanni maria farina ( 1685-1766 )  ,  an italian perfumer from santa maria maggiore valle vigezzo  ,  italy  .
visium asset manager found dead in apparent suicide .
he said that the area around him looked like a ` war zone  as a result of the cyclone  .
exd5 ( the exchange variation )  ,  or 3  .
ramon castro ,  farmer brother of cuban strongmen ,  dies at 91 .
your leftover movie theater popcorn could become dinner or dessert .
it is some 660 km from the southern border  ,  to the tip of cape york  .
soap stars alan halsall and wife lucy-jo hudson become parents .
lake champlain is one of a large number of large lakes spread in an arc from labrador through the northern united states and into the northwest territories of canada  .
the flag has used two different colors with the letter `` w  on a solid background  .
nintendo ends production of wii console in japan .
most observed events last longer than two seconds and are classified as long gamma-ray bursts  .
two black men were arrested for waiting for a friend .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
sablikova defends olympic speed skating title .
they try to find out .
trump’s attorney general pick shares some of the president’s voter fraud views .  here’s what that could mean .  .
on january 1  ,  2010  ,  the city absorbed another shimohei district village  ,  kawai  .
in geometry  ,  an ellipse is a plane curve which results from the intersection of a cone by a plane in a way that produces a closed curve  .
barred from the boys’ bathroom ,  a transgender teen sues a florida school board .
pickle ,  the family cat of vice president pence ,  dies at 16 .
on the whole it seems likely that these are not direct ancestors of the modern parrots  ,  but related lineages which evolved in the northern hemisphere  ,  and which have since died out  .
vladimir putin is the russian president .  he is going to be president again for the fourth time .
in 1931  ,  `` the star-spangled banner  became the official national anthem of the united states  .
don’t let congress block consumer protections for prepaid card users .
archaeological findings show that these prehistoric peoples led livelihoods seemingly at a higher level of organization than those who came after them  ,  who lived closer to the nile valley : findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally  .
he goes back to hospital ,  and he dies there
all of them are fine .  the pilot does a good job
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
joe montano ,  filipino american activist and aide to sen .  kaine ,  dies at 47 .
coroner wants changes to diving courses .
chris cooley: ‘the redskins are winning 11 games next year’ .
by 1847 the quarry was being worked by local landowner john pughe  .
the glasgow and south western railway also set up their works here  ,  producing nearly 400 locomotives by the time it was absorbed by the london  ,  midland and scottish railway in 1923  .
local rock bands such as grateful dead and quicksilver messenger service provided the music  ,  and owsley `` bear  stanley provided massive amounts of his `` white lightning  lsd to the gathered masses  .
a trucking system brought supplies to front-line troops  ,  but transportation took huge amounts of fuel to reach the front line near the belgian border  .
much of kaskaskia and other french colonial towns have been lost through flooding and erosion  .
was the 24th emperor of japan  ,  according to the traditional order of succession  .
relative isotopic mass is similar to isotopic mass and has exactly the same numerical value as isotopic mass  ,  whenever isotopic mass is expressed in atomic mass units  .
he spent many years in the comedy team stiller and meara with his wife anne meara  .
it shows early examples of the assamese  ,  oriya  ,  maithili and bengali languages  .
williams is an honorary member of kappa kappa psi  ,  the national fraternity for college band members  .
it helps property owners to rent homes to travelers .
they train birds of prey to take down drones .  the dutch police train the birds .
westbound interstate 370 in montgomery county closed after crash .
insulting letters to politician’s home are constitutionally protected ,  unless they are ‘true threats’ .
in fact he continued going after his first album  ,  trying to show us how hard he worked and especially to show his father in heaven  .
ives died in 1954 in new york city at 12:32 pm
it is 20 metres long and 8 metres wide .
they walk close to a road .  there are some railings between them and the road .
a typhoon is strong there .  it becomes a super typhoon .
ferraris fernando alonso: were still in the fight .
amazon s first offering of kindle sold out in five and a half hours and the device remained out of stock until late april 2008  .
gifford later contacted federal authorities to investigate the issue and worked with u . s .  federal legislative and executive branch agencies to support and enact laws to protect children against sweat shop conditions  .
one time ,  ross goes for a swim .  he swims non-stop for 48 hours .
between 23 january 2007 and 11 september 2007  ,  nickelodeon released five dvd sets for the season : four sets had five episodes each  ,  and a fifth dvd collection of all twenty episodes  .
the hurricane caused flight interruptions at st .  john s international airport and also to the trans canada ferry between newfoundland and cape breton island in eastern nova scotia strong winds destroyed a house in the small newfoundland village of francois  .
later  ,  cheung made her movie debut as a young nightclub hostess in stephen chow s king of comedy in 1999  ,  followed soon after by fly me to polaris  .
he puts a knife against her neck .
no one wants the job .  people want to live in the city and not in the countryside .
such incidents pull the traveler over the course of several days and begin with a new scam artist who offers to show the foreign traveler the sights  .
take a video tour of design for soon-to-be renovated mlk library branch .
chef austin fausett has left trummer’s on main for proof .
electricity was a big government promise .
however  ,  stroud thought that simone s sudden disappearance ( and the fact that she had left behind her wedding ring ) meant that she wanted a divorce  .
explosive device at shanghai airport leaves 5 injured .
hedy lamarr ( 9 november 1914 - 19 january 2000 ) was an austrian-american actress and inventor  .
the world heritage committee meets many times a year to discuss the management of existing world heritage sites  ,  and to look at possible new sites  .
what kinds of investigations could be launched into russian election interference ?  .
kathleen matthews says she’ll consider running for other offices .
selenium sulfide can be made by heating selenium and sulfur  .
after decades as fugitive ,  afghan warlord gulbuddin hekmatyar returns with appeal for peace .
the country was again invaded by germany in 1940 and under german control until 1944  .
many new zealand cicada species differ from those of other countries by living high up on mountain tops  .
eight years after pamela butler disappeared from her d . c .  home ,  her killer admits guilt .
former nsa contractor edward snowden nominated for nobel peace prize .
in 2002  ,  5566 s debut and sudden rise to popularity has been a controversial topic  .
the word negroid was used by 19th and 20th century racial anthropologists  .
mustafa koc ,  billionaire head of turkish conglomerate ,  dies at 55 .
fossils discovered in poland indicate that dicynodonts survived at least until the latest upper triassic  .
burke county is part of the local western piedmont council of governments  .
donald trump says michelle obama attacked the clintons’ personal lives .  did she ?  .
the female potoroos can have two babies in a year  ,  but only carry one at a time  .
this is especially noteworthy because it predates the public release of the first web browser by about a year  .
the wars were also important for other reasons  ,  such as the emergence of the longbow as a key weapon in mediaeval warfare  .
a teenager stands next to him .  he takes the ipad and runs away .
the dice snake ( natrix tessellata ) is a european non-venomous snake belonging to the family of colubridae  ,  subfamily natricinae  .
kirk cousins is the redskins’ quarterback of the future .  deal with it .  .
the types made so far are the standard  ,  the 40 mm grenade launcher  ,  the apr  ,  and an anti-tank version  .
forget trump and clinton .  ‘black jeopardy’ is snl’s best political sketch this year .  .
in 2000 rau was the first german head of state since the holocaust to address the knesset  ,  the israeli parliament  ,  in german  .
claude of france ( october 14  ,  1499 - july 20  ,  1524 ) was the daughter of louis xii of france and anne of brittany  .
the city that had the most problems was acapulco  ,  guerrero  ,  where six people were killed by landslides  ,  and where over 100 families had to leave after the la sabana river flooded  .
the study said people thought bald men were taller and stronger than men with hair .
she also thinks that it is bad to drink cow s milk  ,  people should eat fruit but not drink fruit juices  ,  and drink only water  .
belgium hits the goal nine times .
paul beatty becomes first american to win man booker prize .
julia e .  hamblet ,  director of women marines in the 1950s ,  dies at 100 .
he is also emotional .
like the dra coat of arms  ,  this coat showed mount ararat along with the soviet hammer and sickle and red star behind it  .
maryland man charged with attempted murder of police .
the average temperature for the whole year is 55 ° f ( 13 ° c )  .
obama-backed redistricting group gives $500k to help elect northam in virginia .
seventy per cent of conjoined twins are girls
the helmand river flows through the mainly desert region  ,  providing water for irrigation  .
atf unveils van that helps solves mysteries ,  minus scooby-doo .
the usa and cuba were enemies .
the roman province of africa was established after the romans defeated carthage in the third punic war  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
she is the second woman to be the mayor of baltimore  ,  the first was sheila dixon  .
beitar jerusalem football club ( hebrew : מועדון כדורגל בית  ר ירושלים  ,  moadon kaduregel beitar yerushalayim ) is an israeli football club from jerusalem  .
holders of the name christian may go by the nicknames or shortened forms chris  ,  chrissy  ,  crix or xian  .
in 1973 he listened to recordings of boogie-woogie pianists albert ammons  ,  meade lux lewis  ,  and pete johnson  .
mexican consumer prices rise less than expected on farm costs .
the reason is complicated : men play using a curved stick called in irish a camán  .
sir charles villiers stanford ( born dublin  ,  30 september 1852 ; died london  ,  29 march 1924 ) was an irish composer who lived in england for most of his life  .
catherine mccoid and leroy mcdermott think that the figurines were done as self portraits by the women themselves  .
according to the imperial household agency  ,  this emperor is venerated at a memorial shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at nara  .
an exhibition entitled `` the lewis chessmen : unmasked  that included chesspieces from both the museum of scotland and the british museum collections  ,  along with other relevant objects  ,  toured scotland in 2010\/11  .
this makes the silk strong .
calahorra  ,  ( pronounced ( kalaˈora ) )  ,  la rioja  ,  spain is a municipality in rioja baja  .
the basic law says  ,  in article 52 . 1  ,  that `` the bundesrat elects its president for one year   .
a reporter went on the slide .
the greater coat of arms of the realm  ,  ( or `` grote rijkswapen  )  ,  is the coat of arms of the royal family of netherlands  .
over time  ,  he became a leading expert on al-qaeda  .
this position can only be passed down and held by a member of the johor royal family  ,  who is descended from sultan abu bakar  .
this led to the collapse of the anti-prussian coalition  .
friend and aide to united arab emirates diplomat is sentenced .
katherine moss ( born 16 january 1974 )  ,  better known as kate moss  ,  is a english model  .
also  ,  known as the van damme stand  .
mr wang thanked the restaurant by buying the noodles .
two men arrested in connection with fatal shootings in southeast washington .
after they have lunch ,  they have a cold shower .
in june ,  wind ,  nuclear and solar power produced more electricity than gas and coal .
arriva fox county is a bus company which provides bus services in leicester and leicestershire  .
it can be found throughout the temperate and tropical oceans of the world  .
this year is its fourth .  it is a contest for plus-size women .  it shows that all women can be beautiful .
in the center of a village the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within  .
you must step and jump over them
this news is from new south wales in australia .  more than 100 , 000 bats come to a town .
the 2009 version was released on september 8  ,  2008  .
most christians believe that human beings will receive judgement from god and are given either eternal life or eternal damnation  .
the who has put gaming disorder on its list of diseases .
it was also the number one the new york times children s series best seller and book sense top ten summer pick for 2007  .
her game  ,  which she called `` the landlord s game   ,  was self-published  ,  beginning in 1906  .
body of woman found under railroad overpass in palmetto .
this move upset local whites  ,  and for decades  ,  african-american steelworkers experienced discrimination in the workplace  .
the new tottori wagyu complete cow bento has 4 .
international companies are asking staff to use only english to reduce language barriers .
fairfax county may put meals tax on november ballot .
a man born to hang ,  aint never gonna drown .
new bern is the birthplace of the international drink  ,  pepsi cola  .
they must try to find a way home by using `` plotholes  ( holes in the air ) to move between worlds  .
this caused 79 workers to fall 30 metres ( 100 ft ) into the water  .
there is debate as to the name of the officer : some traditions credit alexander adams  ,  others george beckley  .
it was there that he played with a friend from ` new england   ,  mr .  benjamin franklin  .
this happens in a town in sweden .  two crowns and an orb are on display .
it is very interesting .  it shows the sun’s corona .
when the mall was built  ,  a new façade ( front face ) was constructed for buckingham palace  ,  and the victoria memorial was erected  .
the patriarch gives a necklace to the first man .
they found that children with a pet dog are less stressed than children without one .
the thermite ( thermit ) reaction was discovered in 1893  .
the other man gets out of the car .  he runs to the first man .
the games are being held in new delhi  ,  india from 3 to 14 october 2010  ,  the largest multi-sport event conducted to date in delhi and india  ,  which has previously hosted the asian games in 1951 and 1982  .
she is a member of minority leader nancy pelosi s `` 30 something  working group  ,  which consists of congressional democrats under age 40  .
internet companies could recommend things that make us happier .
messing met actor and screenwriter daniel zelman  ,  on their first day as graduate students at nyu in 1990  .
the nation’s top spies said russia is continuing to target the u . s .  political system .
chrysler group files for initial public offering .
celebrate the season with ugly sweaters and holiday beers .
the trusts were responsible for the maintenance and improvement of most of the main roads in england and wales  .
new amsterdam was considered an official city on 3 february 1653  .
lightning is also an example of static discharge  .
he became chaplain to the duke of rutland at belvoir castle in leicestershire  .
this news is from california .  a dolphin lives at a theme park .
cabinet officers are nominated by the president and then presented to the united states senate for confirmation or rejection by a simple majority  .
it watches out for kangaroos .
the stellar disc of the milky way does not have a sharp edge  ,  a radius beyond which there are no stars  .
in 1982 house became the queanbeyan art centre  .
his selection of michelle rhee to manage district schools surprised many people  .
it reached number 23 on the billboard adult top 40 and 28 on the billboard modern rock tracks  .
many japanese planes attacked pearl harbor ,  killing 2 , 403 people .
greg maddux ,  tom glavine ,  frank thomas elected to national baseball hall of fame .
by this time barbirolli was conductor of the new york philharmonic  .
payday loans pay back monthly .
helicopters and oysters: richmond prepares for northam’s inauguration .
she is the daughter of asian singing star teresa carpio  ,  with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer  .
saarinen worked full time for the oss until 1944  .
buzz williams taught his virginia tech players to respect the national anthem .
the nexus would later serve as lumberjacks in the main event match between john cena and kane  .
coordinates : 46 ° 19 ′ n 8 ° 36 ′ e cevio is the capital of the district vallemaggia in the canton of ticino in switzerland  .
he caught the first one seven years ago .
the structure is 10 billion light-years away  ,  which means that we see the structure 10 billion years ago  ,  when the universe is just 3 . 8 billion years old  ,  and its light was just approaching us  .
on the deaths of his sons charles and françois-victor  ,  he insisted that they be buried without crucifix or priest  ,  and in his will made the same stipulation about his own death and funeral  .
at the end of `` closing time   ,  on the day she receives her doctorate  ,  the silence and kovarian recapture river  .
they want to know how the pandas do it .
there are now a wide range of examples from many different taxa  .
the study of spectroscopy and spectra is used in astronomy to help scientists study the whole spectrum of electromagnetic radiation  ,  including visible light  ,  which radiates from stars and other hot celestial objects  .
the average temperature in santo domingo in january is 25 ° c and 30 ° c in july  .
chris continued to move inland until it died over central arkansas on september 13  .
teachers accused of dancing with strippers at a retreat .
kerry urges us congress to end shutdown .
the name of our shop is english in shop .
on december 5  ,  2011  ,  the confirmation of the existence of kepler-22b was announced  .
he released his first solo song `` spotlight ( song )  in two versions  ,  `` spotlight ( oh nostalgia )  and `` spotlight ( new regrets )  on november 29  ,  2010  .
police: man in custody after threatening to blow himself up at child-support office .
there are 58 elephant families at the park .  there are1 , 600 elephants in total .
the arms control association said mr trumps words were dangerous .
the soil is thin  ,  and spray often goes right over the island  ,  so the soil is very salty  .
it was good in the past .
the sport s rules and regulations are decided by the camanachd association  .
a video shows a group of prisoners .
the washington post introduces all-new print edition for ipad app .
the author of the report was told not to discuss it .
the name appears in the shoku nihongi  .
the parents want a better way to their village .
trump court pick earns gop praise as he visits capitol hill .
washington monument will close for nine months to make repairs .
the testing was delayed because of some problems with the jt9d engines  .
if one moves this line segment its length in a perpendicular direction from itself ; it sweeps out a two-dimensional square  .
playstation network struggling with extremely high volume .
in that period  ,  in the call for subscriptions to the croatian grammar ( 8 december  ,  1851 ) he stated his opposition to the vienna language agreement of 1850 and the linguistic concept of vuk stefanović karadžić  .
these 12 superbugs pose the greatest threat to human health ,  who says .
two side boosters come down safely .  the middle booster is destroyed .
a 15th birthday is important for a girl in mexico .
21st century fox to take majority control of yes .
pizza delivery driver robbed at gunpoint .
but when he spots another can of the top of the shelf  ,  he attempts to get it with angelica and chuckie s help  .
during the 1980s  ,  the emphasis shifted to development of technology for better  ,  more efficient energy sources as well as education regarding energy  .
legal decision casts doubt on maryland’s assault weapons ban .
robert douglas thomas pattinson ( born may 13 1986 ) is an english actor  ,  model and musician  .
new london county is only a group of towns on a map  .
a man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma or injury during intercourse may rarely sustain a penile fracture or suffer from peyronie s disease  .
yangon was under japan s occupation ( 1942-45 )  ,  and was heavily damaged during world war ii  .
the city of dallas also showed interest but had to pull out of bidding for the next two years due to hosting events such as the ncaa final four  .
the man to watch in rex tillerson’s confirmation hearing ?  marco rubio .  .
from 1920 to 1991  ,  armenia was a member of the soviet union  .
by 1928 the airport had twelve hangars and four runways  ,  lit for night operations  .
henry rowen ,  public policy leader on defense matters ,  dies at 90 .
montgomery county police investigating suspicious death of d . c .  man as homicide .
melanin gives our skin its colour .
jury nullification instructions coming to new hampshire ?  .
the horrifying or grotesque masks were used in shamanistic practices for their ability to evoke fear  ,  and humor  ,  in ceremonial rites  .
the indian cricket team won the 2011 cricket world cup under his captainship  .
union leader bob crow passes away .
people worry that this new situation can make things worse in the region .
it won an encore award from the royal philharmonic society and bbc radio 3  .
washington post executive editor martin baron delivers commencement address at the cuny graduate school of journalism .
google co-founder sergey brin is reportedly building a $100 million ‘air yacht’ to help the poor .
josh kerr is an australian surfer .
they say that she does not fight the causes of poverty .
his pilot  ,  juan de la cosa  ,  created the first map of the world to include the coast of the new world in el puerto in 1500  .
marcel siem signs for wilson staff .
first  ,  there is the physiological part ; the sense of the stimulus by receptors in the nose  .
how to create a modular built-in bookcase .
a parade was held for him on 5th avenue in new york city on june 13  ,  1927  .
pianist russ kassoff to perform at fund raiser .
solid waste management lifts 452 tonnes of garbage in two days .
the original spice girls like the project
you cannot heal until you feel: .
in the early 19th century this line was shifted to the east  ,  beyond utrecht  .
a woman asked why people need tea bags .
one student talks about yoga .  he says that it helps with stress
harrison stated in the beatles anthology : harrison  ,  mccartney and starr recorded the song in 13 takes on july 7  ,  1969  .
the most famous attraction is inuyama castle on a 40m rise overlooking the kiso river  .
he also wants students to read 20 or more books every year .
three pedestrians ,  including child ,  struck in gaithersburg .
the slowest cars would not able to race and would be list as did not qualify ( dnq ) in race results  .
the harmonica player patrick esposito di napoli who was suffering of aids died in 1994  .
some children prepare for the kindergarten interview .
irwin corey ,  comic who styled himself the world’s foremost authority ,  dies at 102 .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
they broke the record for the most re-tweeted artist and the worlds most tweeted about celebrities .
‘man who shot neighbor for attempting to drown children will not face charges’ .
west virginia is frenetic ,  and bob huggins is the engine .
he is the first to do a backflip over the thames .
district man pleads guilty in beating death of mother .
at the same time ,  london’s famous black cab is changing .
rogers was buried in an unmarked grave as were most of the mayflower passengers who died in the first winter  .
on 18 december 2008 the orchestra announced that a digital concert hall would be built  .
she is most famous for her performances on the variety show rowan & martin s laugh-in  .
mr snowden is wanted in the usa .
birmingham airport is an airport near the city of birmingham  ,  england  .
on 1 june 2011 schalke and bayern munich announced that neuer would move to bayern munich in july 2011  .
water quality to be a major challenge in odisha: .
méxico y la ue modernizarán su tratado comercial .
robert bernard altman ( february 20  ,  1925 - november 20  ,  2006 ) was an american movie director  .
variety announced on august 2  ,  2006 that dushku would co-star with macaulay culkin in sex and breakfast  ,  written and directed by miles brandman  .
these areas are set aside for outdoor recreation and are open to hunting  ,  fishing  ,  hiking  ,  and camping  .
he was then given a teaching job with the movie school gik ( now gerasimov institute of cinematography ) where he had taught before  .
people do not always agree on ideas .  but ireland passed same-sex marriage by popular vote
sam hurd sentenced to 15 years in prison .
after that  ,  there are between one and three letters for the city or region where the car is registered  ,  such as b for berlin  .
his work was a cornerstone of media studies  ,  and had some practical applications in the advertising and television industries  .
neither blue nor green pigments are ever present in the human iris or fluid  .
in 1999  ,  powderly was inducted into the hall of honor at the us department of labor  .
azerbaijani parliament approves draft budget for 2014 .
trevor gott joins the nationals .
the western side was built by the london  ,  brighton and south coast railway in 1865\/66  .
malaysia is a federation consisting of 13 states ( negeri ) and 3 federal territories ( wilayah persekutuan )  .
he married 35 year old elizabeth ( lillie ) williamson in 1896  .
vézina also set a record  ,  which was shared with clint benedict of the ottawa senators  ,  for the fewest shutouts needed to lead the league in that category  ,  with one  .
no parish councils were formed for urban parishes  ,  and their only function was as areas electing guardians to poor law unions  .
different boundaries on the time scale are usually marked by major geological or palaeontological events  ,  such as mass extinctions  .
he wrote the book mektig og avmektig : tore tønne  ,  media og maktspillet bak kulissene  .
train derailment knocks out power to 157 .
in the united states  ,  hanami has also become popular  .
at the end of each round  ,  players vote off one player  .
the college was established in 1769 by congregational minister eleazar wheelock who wanted to use the college to christianize the native americans  .
there are sculptures at this festival .  these sculptures are made of ice .
asian stocks pare early losses .
twitter recap: the washington post ,  facebook and nba join panel at the paley international council summit .
kei kamara granted middlesbrough work permit .
in germany  ,  upper and lower sorbian are officially recognized and protected as minority languages by the european charter for regional or minority languages  .
a special effects experts makes a batman cosplay suit .  it has 23 working gadgets .
he has many tattoos on his body .  ninety-four per cent of his body has tattoos
alex jones says he could support dwayne ‘the rock’ johnson over trump in 2020 .
although qualified for a lone district in 1991 this was neglected by lawmakers  .
the band s last album after forever was released on september 28  ,  2007  .
they can also increase the risk of cancer .
on hearing of his death sentence  ,  seyss-inquart made it clear he accepted responsibility for excesses during the war  ,  `` death by hanging  .  .  .  well  ,  in view of the whole situation  ,  i never expected anything different  .
frank vincent ,  actor who played ill-fated tough guys on-screen ,  dies at 80 .
cerny made his debut for austria in march 1993 against greece  .
they want to keep their jobs
leopold stokowski and dimitri mitropoulos were the orchestra s two conductors in 1949  ,  with mitropoulos becoming conductor in 1951  .
scholars rocks can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound  .
the next morning  ,  before leaving  ,  otis is informed that the coyotes took some hens and a chick  .
farmers sent tons of flour south over the years  .
after the adults come out of winter dormancy  ,  the alpine newts immediately take themselves to the spawning pools  .
payne county commissioners to consider .
several days of unusually cold weather could be deadly for the deep south .
speed-camera tickets doubled last year in d . c .  ,  new data show .
cook county inmates to tear down abandoned buildings .
the naismith memorial hall of fame in springfield  ,  massachusetts  ,  is named in naismith s honor  .
the rivalry came from the initial opposition of abu sufyan ibn harb  ,  the grandson of umayya  ,  to muhammad and to islam  .
because of its geological history  ,  the plants and animals `` of cape york peninsula are a complex mixture of gondwanan relics  ,  australian isolationists and asian or new guinean invaders  ( p .  41 )  .
oman to get its first theme park by 2016 .
the island was the site of a highly important monastery during the early middle ages  .
was this the warmest february in washington history ?  .
he was considered to be a shy and reserved boy  ,  as a soldier he received the usual training of a prussian prince  ,  obtained his lieutenancy in 1784  ,  became a colonel in 1790  ,  and took part in the campaigns against france of 1792-1794  .
let’s take a look at some of thepensters .
robert e .  lee portrait is moved from hometown city hall to a museum .
man winched from boat .
obama not resigned to a government shutdown .
fraternity chapter at u-va .  to settle suit against rolling stone for $1 . 65 million .
subtropical storm one caused three deaths in florida  ,  sank a fishing ship off the coast of north carolina  ,  and caused $ 10 million in damage ( 1982 usd  ,  $ 20 million 2005 usd )  .
baltimore detectives convicted in shocking corruption trial .
andy receives a space ranger buzz lightyear action figure  ,  whose features replace woody s position as andy s favorite toy  .
baltimore orioles absorb their first loss of the season .
they think that it is not good for business .
washington post publishes editor’s note to address ‘duplicated’ passages from government executive .
d . c .  united’s steve birnbaum sidelined with third concussion of year .
el salvador strikes down amnesty for crimes during its civil war .
sarah hendrickson injured training .
here is news from mexico .  there is a volcano there .
apart from the use in cars duroplast was also used to make suitcases  .
we do not know about the president’s family
paper is also cheaper .
he meets with the vietnamese president .  obama lifts an arms embargo on vietnam .  he also signs a business deal .
in australia  ,  south africa and ireland it is known as a coffee plunger and coffee brewed in it is known as plunger coffee  .
in plato s early dialogues  ,  the elenchus is the technique socrates uses to investigate ethical concepts  ,  such as justice or virtue  .
young became chief constable of hertfordshire constabulary in 1944 ( but released from the army only in april 1945 )  .
the long list of conspiracy theories donald trump has pushed in 2016 .
christian benteke will bounce back from penalty miss -- .
local lanes of i-270 reopen after crash .
according to william patrick hitler  ,  she was a typical stepmother to her stepchildren  ,  alois jr .  and angela  .
they have dug up human corpses in india  .
although pepys had no maritime experience  ,  he rose by patronage  ,  hard work and his talent for administration  .
angola postpones summit with portugal .
disney jr .  celebrates halloween with themed episodes of hit series .
there is an extensive biography of him in the book ` the lawudo lama   ,  by jamyang wangmo  .
doctors in kanpur call off strike .
graham later transferred to wheaton college and in 1943  ,  graduated from wheaton in illinois with a degree in anthropology  .
one dog uses this way ,  also .  the parents are always very happy when they see their children again .
she was baptised on 19 january 1732 by the cardinal of rohan and she married the prince of conti three days later  ,  on 22 january  .
duane ‘dewey’ clarridge ,  cia official enmeshed in iran-contra affair ,  dies at 83 .
the village is 400 km north of sydney and about 56 km south east of tamworth  .
the italian wikipedia ( in italian : wikipedia in italiano ) is the italian-language edition of wikipedia  .
welk s big band performed across the country but mostly at ballrooms and hotels in the chicago and milwaukee areas  .
amazon unveils upgraded kindle tablet .
voivod is a heavy metal band from canada  .
former n . c .  state ,  nba player charles shackleford found dead .
blac chyna’s ex pilot jones admits: ‘she’s a master manipulator’ .
unfortunately  ,  due to a major economic crash in asia  ,  the engines were never completed  .
experts look at the whales .  they try to find out more
james sowerby first worked with william curtis  ,  whose flora londinensis he illustrated  .
it is at the center of the goulburn valley irrigation system  ,  one of the largest centres of irrigation in australia  .
both drivers go to hospital .
the summit consists of coarse-grained sandstone with pebble layers and small beds of pebble conglomerate and siltstone  .
the opera was first performed at the théâtre impérial de lopéra in paris on 11 march 1867  .
dutt died in kolkata  ,  india on 29 june 1873  .
in june  ,  sylvia made her debut as co-host with michelle chia in the mediacorp weekly food program `` buffetlicious  she performed the national anthem of singapore before the start of the singapore f1 grand prix race on september 26  ,  2010  .
orioles left-hander wade miley leaves in first inning of 4-2 win .
most have a concave or `` dished  profile  .
his father was robert newbery  ,  a farmer who lived in waltham st lawrence  ,  berkshire  ,  england  .
california joins national disaster coordination program .
the islamic state wants to erase history .
it is the capital of the state of north rhine-westphalia  .
groening thought that it would be funny to have a baby character that did not talk and never grew up  ,  but showed any emotions that the scene needed  .
so cleisthenes left athens as an exile  ,  and isagoras held power in the city  .
oldman has earned renown for his classical acting style and diversity  ,  being hailed by famous movie critics such as roger ebert and peter travers as one of cinema s great actors  .
the painter died of throat cancer in moret-sur-loing at the age of 59  ,  just a few months after the death of his wife  .
the river ideal for river rafting  ,  fishing and for picnics  .
however  ,  jesuit missionaries over time offended the orthodox faith of the local ethiopians  ,  and in the mid-17th century emperor fasilidos got rid of these missionaries  .
he then directed the construction of a fleet to defend lake champlain  ,  which was defeated in the october 1776 battle of valcour island  .
winnebago celebrates career of man who has worked for the company for 50 years .
this is surrounded by a lotus of eight petals  ,  a lotus of sixteen petals  ,  and an earthsquare resembling a temple with four doors  .
3 decapitated bodies found in somalia after abduction .
md .  attorney general seeks victims of price gouging .
another man films the ostrich .  in the end ,  the ostrich gets to the farm .
clinton-related work emails on anthony weiner computer may become public by 2022 .
fausto intensified rapidly after it reached hurricane intensity on the 12th  ,  peaking with sustained winds of 120 mph ( 190 km\/h ) and a minimum central pressure of 955 millibars  .
fairfax police seek witnesses to a struggle before a ‘severely autistic’ man’s death .
two teenagers arrested in thefts of more than 30 packages from maryland porches .
the pennsylvania turnpike is a toll road ( a road cars have to pay to drive on ) operated by the pennsylvania turnpike commission in the commonwealth of pennsylvania in the united states  .
because both of these things are visible to potential customers ,  the writers are motivated to work as hard as possible so they can ensure the best rating for themselves ,  as well as the best essay for their client .
in 1962  ,  she wed théo sarapo ( theophanis lamboukas )  ,  a greek hairdresser who was 20 years her junior  .
however  ,  at the time of the house s design  ,  latrobe was suffering family troubles and his records for this period are poor  .
this is unusual for this part of the year .
in 2010 a second analysis of gigantoraptor relationships found it to be a member a sister group  ,  the caenagnathidae  .
we finally know what bill simmons has planned for hbo .
we do not know .
it is the second largest metropolitan area of midi-pyrénées  ,  after toulouse  .
the west of darfur is dominated by the third feature  ,  basement rock  ,  sometimes covered with a thin layer of sandy soil  .
the first crystal structure of a macromolecule was solved in 1958 the protein data bank ( pdb ) is a freely accessible repository for the structures of proteins and other biological macromolecules  .
sky watch: january is packed with action .
altogether in africa two million speak spanish  .
he is also a contemporary christian recording artist  ,  and released a solo album  ,  welcome home ( you )  ,  in 2006  .
people throw objects at the bull .  the bull jumps over the barrier .
during the third quarter of 2010  ,  viacom began seeking a buyer for harmonix  ,  recognizing they did not have the efficiency and capacity to deal with the cost of maintaining a video game developer compared with dedicated video game publishers  .
in june 1942  ,  after the assassination of reinhard heydrich in prague  ,  adolf hitler wanted von dem bach-zelewski to take heydrich s job as reich protector of bohemia and moravia  .
two people injured in prince george’s county house fire .
tattoos on humans are a type of body modification  ,  but tattoos on animals are most often used for identification  .
the kremlin retorted that although the turkish symbol was the crescent  ,  it did not mean that they laid claim to the moon  .
most research is being carried out on the later development of these languages  ,  such as the development of the modern standard varieties  .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
princess diana ,  the people’s princess ,  dies in paris in 1997 .  she dies in a car crash with her boyfriend .
ostallgäu is a rural district in swabia in southwest bavaria  ,  germany  .
15 , 000 of them are not safe .
charles bean  ,  australia s official world war i historian  ,  first thought of a museum memorial to australian soldiers while observing the 1916 battles in france  .
she does not give way to a vehicle .  the vehicle is a tank .
luke bryan performing daytona 500 pre-race show february 23 .
dwayne ‘the rock’ johnson is people magazine’s sexiest man alive .
chicago mayor should speak up on police brutality and gun violence .
the podlaska cavalry brigade was a military unit of the polish army  ,  created on april 1  ,  1937  .
after ‘the wire , ’ tray chaney is keeping it really real .
shanti painted 12 pictures but now she stops .
jerusalem court convicts 2 israelis in revenge slaying of palestinian teen .
who went home on the x factor 2013 season 3 last night ?  .
maria magdalena of austria or maria maddalena of austria ( 7 october 1589 - 1 november 1631 ) was grand duchess of tuscany from her husband s accession in 1609 until his death in 1621  .
the hodge building ( now called begich towers ) was built for housing soldiers and the buckner building  ,  finish being built in 1953  ,  was called the `` city under one roof   .
in the first half of 2018 ,  40 people die in accidents with fireworks .
he next showed up in 1961 in cleveland  ,  where a chicago friend hired him for $ 400 a week as an afternoon television host at wkyc-tv  .
the rock followed this with a rock bottom and a pin on austin  ,  to which the referee woke up and counted austin down to three  .
unable to care even for himself  ,  pascal fled to holland  .
the doctrines of the apostles brought the early church into conflict with some jewish religious authorities  ,  and this eventually led to the martyrdom of ss  .
lena dunham shares hospital photo after undergoing hysterectomy .
he is also a member of the expediency discernment council and the high council of cultural revolution  .
but it’s true that it wasn’t a big surprise .
i think that i am crazy .
no ,  actually hillary clinton won tuesday night .
george michael afraid to ask winehouse for duet .
charlie sheen denied access to sons .
on june 9  ,  2010 the blackhawks won their first stanley cup in 49 years when patrick kane scored the game-winning overtime goal as they defeated the philadelphia flyers in game 6 of the best-of-7 series  .
here  ,  köhler observed how chimpanzees solved problems  ,  such as that of retrieving bananas when placed out of their reach  .
men do pay more for some things .
appeals court rejects trump’s enforcement of travel ban order against grandparents and refugees with formal resettlement assurances .
some of his famous songs are purple rain ,  kiss and when doves cry .
the government is making fiji safe again .  but this takes time .
she is one of the most well known athletes in south korea  .
women’s march organizers protest the nra before 17-mile march to the justice department .
she was later reinterred by the rector of sudeley in 1817  .
on march 20  ,  1980  ,  mount st .  helens was the center of a magnitude 4 . 2 earthquake  .
lyrically  ,  the album was quite dark and mysterious  ,  as much of it is often interpreted to be dealing with substance abuse  ,  suicide  ,  and depression  .
hyderabad could be modelled after delhi: .
forty people are injured .  they have broken legs and ankles .
the opposition does not want this deal .  people throw tear gas into the parliament
two men sentenced to prison for 2013 fatal shooting near apartment complex .
this species of shark is viviparous  ,  giving birth to 1-5 pups after a gestation period lasting up to 12 months  .
everyone escaped from explorer in the early hours of november 23 2007 after taking on water near the south shetland islands in the southern ocean  ,  which is usually stormy  ,  but was calm at the time  .
tapirs live in south america and southeast asia .
it is the only member of the subfamily allophryninae  ,  a clade recently placed under the family centrolenidae these frogs live in guyana  ,  venezuela  ,  surinam  ,  brazil and bolivia  .
british pound plummets after london’s mayor backs brexit .
tehsils are used in all provinces except in sindh province where the word taluka ( urdu : تعلقه ) is used instead  .
the fbi arrests some fifa officials .
a festival takes place in belgium .
the palearctic ( or ` palaearctic  ) ecozone is one of the eight dividing the earth s surface  .
in canada it is found in southern british columbia  .
this means they eat too much .
bulgarian nationalists organise a march there every year .  the bulgarian government tries to stop them this year .
people say that the lava is not making problems for towns .  but people need to stay away .
due to the nearby sino-indian war  ,  she was advised by the australian government to evacuate to calcutta from where she returned to australia  .
in contrast  ,  other people tried at the same time were accused of maleficium  ,  that is causing harm by witchcraft  .
they also eat crustaceans such as crabs and shrimp  ,  molluscs  ,  worms  ,  sea urchins and small fish  .
why be a whistle-blower ?  .
on friday .
he allowed the prominent mathematician carl friedrich gauss to name the asteroid after the roman virgin goddess of home and hearth  ,  vesta  .
this news is from hong kong .
the largest events in the sport are the olympic games  ,  world championships  ,  and grand-prix tournaments  .
the earliest games consisted of 42 events only  ,  but it was expected that 10 , 500 athletes would compete in the 302 events on the program for the 2008 summer olympics in beijing  .
what men and women dream about .
pro-government forces attack u . s .  ,  kurdish troops in eastern syria .
egg and peanut allergies are the most common food allergies .
the variety was developed at the agricultural experiment station run by kanagawa prefecture in japan  .
oscar pistorius convicted of murder by appellate court .
it was a russian plane .
karol józef wojtyła was born on 18 may 1920 in wadowice  ,  poland  .
the gardens were officially opened in october 1970 by prime minister john gorton  .
number of foreign fighters entering iraq and syria drops by 90 percent ,  pentagon says .
more people are injured .  people find a boy in the rubble .
selena s father and manager  ,  abraham quintanilla  ,  jr .  tried to persuade emi latin to give quintanilla iii a chance  .
during his college career  ,  stover made 64 of 88 field goal attempts  .
this changed how dinosaurs are seen by both professional dinosaur illustrators  ,  and by the public  .
the additives satisfied the u . s .  government s requirement that the alcohol be unfit for human consumption  .
these included an ef2 tornado which moved through henderson  ,  webster and union county in kentucky  .
perhaps through fox  ,  nash came to the attention of the prince regent ( later king george iv )  .
in australia ,  his wife and children meet him .
someone put it in the toilet during the flight .
egypt was at the winter olympic games with a single alpine skier in 1984  .
the m6 motorway is the longest motorway in the united kingdom  .
fashion in the 15th century  ,  in europe was characterized by a series of extremes and extravagances  ,  from the voluminous gowns called houppelandes with their sweeping floor-length sleeves to the revealing doublets and hose of renaissance italy  .
she is pictured in several scenes from a karnak gateway dating to thutmose ii s reign  ,  both together with her husband and alone  .
rodrigo duterte is the president of the philippines .  he gives a speech .
school board appeals to u . s .  supreme court to halt order allowing transgender student to use boys’ bathroom .
after napoleon s defeat  ,  schinkel worked at the prussian building commission  .
golden earring enjoyed a brief period of international stardom but were unable to get further chart success until 1982 s `` twilight zone   ,  which was followed by `` the lady smiles  in 1984  .
people do more outdoor activities ,  so it is good for our health .
water main break closes stretch of minnesota ave .  se .
fly to the sky recorded their sixth studio album transition in january 2006  .
to compromise is to make a deal where one person gives up part of his or her demand  .
in the 1970s  ,  cabell s library and personal papers were moved from his home on monument avenue to the james branch cabell library  .
the filing of patents on vaccine development processes can be viewed as an obstacle to the development of new vaccines  .
the next season  ,  boston made the playoffs again  ,  but they lost to the toronto maple leafs  .
it can cost $10 million pounds .  it can happen in china or the usa .
they try to find this person .  drones are also found outside prisons .
the backpack is made in the czech republic .  many czech people already use it .
dr .  darmond speers is an american computational linguist ( a word dude who works with talkie boxes ) and a member of the kli  .
she did not win in the multi-member electorate  .
examination of hazelnuts may show a neat round hole in the shell  .
democratic debate: clinton criticizes sanders’s plans as being too far left .
the electricity can power a streetlight ,  for example .
diaz irks anti-smoking charities .
man facing weapons charges after police seize knife in dartmouth .
tsai ing-wen is the president of taiwan .
it was left in a garbage pile in the alley behind an apartment building in the snowdon area of montreal  .
she is shocked and disappointed .
it separates the oral cavity ( mouth ) from the nasal cavity  .
in hungary  ,  palacsinta are made from flour  ,  milk and soda water  ,  sugar  ,  and eggs  .
they are trying to make money to fix them .  they also want to show them to tourists
in argentina ,  an activist disappears .  this happens in august .
waters sued the remaining members for the rights to the name  ,  waters lost and the band enjoyed worldwide success with a momentary lapse of reason ( 1987 ) and the division bell ( 1994 )  .
horowitz said in an interview once that it reminds him to get to the end of each story because he will soon look like the skull  .
the itza had their capital at tayasal ( also known as noh petén )  ,  and people who study the maya civlisation think what s left of this city is below the modern city of flores  ,  guatemala on lake petén itzá  .
but she soon stopped growing ,  and she began to prepare for opening .
if a topic has received important coverage in reliable sources that are independent of the subject  ,  it is presumed to be notable  .
verne lundquist is retiring from the cbs football booth .  here are some of his best calls .  .
cycling star hesjedal admits doping .
there is a protest against police brutality in paris .
one is of leader joseph stalin .
the first land sales took place in 1837  .
oscar pistorius to be released from prison on tuesday ,  faces house arrest .
for others ,  it is a symbol of racism .
all three wistert brothers wore the number 11 for the wolverines football team  ,  and all three were members of the college football all-america team  ,  which is the best players through all of the united states  .
around 130 people in the uk have this illness .
the criminal is caught .
he turns cuba against the usa .  he turns cuba to the soviet union .  now ,  fidel castro is old .
caminito del rey was a walkway .
that same look all the time just gets boring for the screen ( television ) and for the actress to wear  ,  so we spread it out a lot  .
a clockwork orange is na english dystopian novella written by anthony burgess and published in 1962  .
19-year-old arrested in maryland double homicide .
( 4 ) this decomposes by reductive elimination to form acetyl iodide ( ch3coi ) and regenerate the active form of the catalyst  .
3 kilograms) heavy .
british author john corsellis  ,  who served in austria with the british army  ,  has written a historic book of these events  ,  called slovenia 1945 : memories of death and survival after world war ii  .
it is a mercury -  ,  venus -  ,  earth - and mars-crosser  .
icc prosecutor seeks probe into war crimes allegations against u . s .  military ,  cia in afghanistan .
an astronaut is in the iss .  he takes a picture every few seconds .
who will suffer from a government hiring freeze ?  veterans .  .
he worked at the opera house in dresden  ,  and became conductor at saint petersburg s mariinsky theatre  .
also near there are the streets pernambuco and antônio de albuquerque  .
the spanish dollar had already taken hold in the straits settlements by the time the british arrived in the nineteenth century  ,  however  ,  the east india company tried to introduce the rupee in its place  .
weather takes u- turn .
xfce ( ( ɛks ɛf siː iː ) ) is a free software desktop environment for unix and other unix-like platforms  ,  such as linux  ,  solaris and bsd  .
university of utah sponsors community solar program .
senate democrats unveil a trump-size infrastructure plan .
as of october 13  ,  2007  ,  the last rainfall was a thunderstorm on may 13  ,  2006  .
they live in the usa .  in the 1950s ,  they must leave .
thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to control its body temperature within certain limits  ,  even when the surrounding temperature is different  .
phrenologists and ethnographers also used both death masks and life masks ( taken from living people ) for scientific and pseudoscientific purposes  .
two men help the american .
she is sad that she cannot read .  she wants to read the papers and books like other people .
more maryland residents will see brown water coming from taps ,  utility says .
omsk is a city .  it is in russia .
supreme court bars puerto rico from adopting its own bankruptcy measures .
paul william `` bear  bryant ( september 11  ,  1913 - january 26  ,  1983 ) was an american college football coach  .
the flag is also often called the stars and stripes  ,  the star-spangled banner  ,  or old glory  .
appeals court upholds maryland ban on semiautomatic ,  military style guns .
dhs officials announce enhanced security measures for all flights to the u . s .  .
even teachers cannot have their phones .
the washington post to launch original docu-series ,  ‘should i freeze my eggs ? ’ .
the administrator takes on those duties if both the governor and lieutenant-governor are unable to act  .
the term was also used to describe `` the fundamentals   ,  a collection of twelve books on five subjects published in 1910 and funded by milton and lyman stewart not all religious fundamentalists believe the same things  .
this harvard professor used tv sitcoms to fight drunk driving .  can he do the same for distracted driving ?  .
edmund is shown in the book more nicer than in the lion  ,  the witch and the wardrobe  .
as a coach  ,  harbaugh was the head coach for eaton high school from 1964 to 1965  .
fire on building roof in northwest washington blamed on electrical malfunction .
the kingsford smith international airport ( sydney international )  ,  and the suburb of kingsford  ,  which are both in the division  ,  are also named after him  .
it was seen while j .  n .  spitale was trying to confirm the orbit of another object  ,  s\/2004 s 3 that was seen 5 hours earlier just on the farther edge of the f ring  .
salford royal ``best place to work in nhs .
like many other mesozoic birds such as ichthyornis  ,  hesperornis had teeth in its beak which were used to hold prey ( most likely fish )  .
angry rioters spread the fire to protest an increase on the cattle tax  .
the fleece officially reopened on 18 june 2005 with a new roof and other upgrades  .
accumulation of small protein in blood vessels of brain can drive early cognitive impairment .
motörhead postpone their european tour until 2014 .
john phillip key ( born 9 august 1961 ) is the 38th and current prime minister of new zealand and leader of the new zealand national party  .
they said it was important to know why .
vespasian was the founder of the flavian dynasty which ruled the empire for a quarter century  .
garmisch-partenkirchen is a mountain resort town in bavaria in southern germany  .
trump’s afghanistan plan set to spark fresh congressional debate .
lodging or holiday accommodation is a type of accommodation  .
airport owners said the illegal runway was dangerous for airport users  .
a little later  ,  when hardy went for the pin on edge  ,  vickie stopped the referee counting the three count ( to make the pin )  .
rick soon changes his mind and decides to trade with paul s group  .
another woman also got fined .
one day i saw the sunset forty-three times ,  said the little prince and he added ,  when you are very sad ,  sunsets are wonderful .
the man is hard to see .
marr unable to type after stroke .
the mother of maria i of portugal she also acted as regent of portugal during the last months of her husbands life and acted as advisor to her daughter in her reign  .
the track also hosted the 2008 world touring car championship race of europe  ,  on september 21  ,  2008  .
remagen is a town in germany in rhineland-palatinate  ,  in the district of ahrweiler  .
the witan  ,  the saxon council  ,  was held from time to time at runnymede during the reign of alfred the great  .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
but some say it is also found in vietnam  ,  laos  ,  and the indonesian island of sumatra  .
she has a lurcher  ,  named kelpie  ,  who inspired the dog legg-it in dizzy  ,  her first book  .
the national university of san marcos ( spanish : universidad nacional mayor de san marcos  ,  unmsm ) is a public university in lima  ,  peru  .
the donkey’s owner does not give the money to him .
this conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the taung child to the skulls of primates known to have been killed by modern eagles  .
storm and nightcrawler find the six mutants and rescue them  .
it was directed by irving pichel  ,  who also plays a supporting role  .
diana and charles are not happy together .
d . c .  motorcyclist is killed after striking parked truck in northeast .
he draws pictures in the fields .  he uses his tractor .
at the end of 2002  ,  a new $ 300 million contract was awarded to boeing in the framework of nasa s space launch initiative  .
the members of the studentenverbindung use the zirkel as sign on couleur or other things ( such as beer glasses  ,  etc )  .
many art objects of ashford black marble are collected in local institutions  ,  including those of derby museum  ,  buxton museum  ,  and chatsworth house  .
reynoldsburg business owner pleads guilty to employment tax fraud .
also  ,  one of the most famous beach events happens in the first week of january when the temperature is around 0 ° c  ,  the `` polar bear club   ,  held by choseon beach hotel since 1988  .
these women are the most powerful women in the world .
orion has four major share markets - south korea  ,  china  ,  vietnam  ,  and russia  .
for his actions in november 1943  ,  hayashi was awarded the army s second-highest decoration  ,  the distinguished service cross ( dsc )  .
at the current rate ( as of november 12  ,  2008 )  ,  it will take approximately 1 , 000 years to test every possible key to complete the project  .
these websites are called pro-ana .
jurors for 2007 were charles dambrosio  ,  lily tuck  ,  and ursula k .  le guin  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
texas mother accused of force-feeding ant poison to her 4-year-old son .
he died of senile dementia in the fremantle lunatic asylum ( now the fremantle arts centre building ) on 13 august  ,  1900  .
she trains for a week and then jumps .
the colima volcano erupts .  it sends ash and black smoke into the sky .
this news is from ecuador .
he believed that many of the ballets of his time used costuming and mime which did not reflect the themes of the ballets  .
current researchers find regulatory events at every level of the processes that express genetic information  .
the west criticizes russia ,  and russia criticizes the west .  this is about syria and ukraine .
in latin america ,  there is a virus .  it is the zika virus .
this way  ,  the discovery of the gigantoraptor fossil was captured on movie  .
in some squid species bacterial bioluminescence is used for counterillumination so the animal matches the overhead environmental light seen from below  .
the church of satan was also shown in luigi scattini s film angeli bianchi  ,  angeli neri  ,  which in the united states was known as `` witchcraft  70   .
the movie was first shown to go along with oasis  compilation album stop the clocks  ,  released on 20 november 2006  .
the almohad empire lost control of its land in spain and much of its african territory  .
he made his first comics for the newspaper la dernière heure ( the latest hour )  .
more than 2 million dehumidifiers recalled after reports of fires .
baltimore prosecutor accuses freddie gray detective of ‘sabotaging’ case .
according to plutarch the victory came under unusual circumstances  .
morgan stanley maintains on johnson & johnson as 2014 looks promising .
for most people  ,  the process of smelling gives little information concerning the ingredients of a substance  .
he also wrote many orchestral works  ,  piano solos  ,  choral works and operas  .
pseudoanaphylaxis or anaphylactoid reactions are older names for anaphylaxis that is not due to an allergic reaction  ,  but is due to direct injury to mast cells ( mast cell degranulation )  .
the passengers are fine .  other people help them
by the end of the year french armies had won victories on all fronts  .
pak troops directly targeting civilian populations: .
this brought them to a tie game ( 23-23 )  ,  but after the ravens made a last second field goal  ,  arizona lost the game 26-23  .
bioshock is a first person shooter\/horror video game made by 2k games for the xbox 360  ,  windows  ,  and playstation 3 game consoles  .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets by j .  k .  rowling is the second novel ( published in 1998 ) in the harry potter series of books  .
the book stays in france for a year .  then ,  people move it to the united kingdom
the plane flies to turkey .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
using some of his life energy  ,  he revived jaller while still holding the door open  .
beagles are mostly developed for hunting and finding hare  ,  rabbit  ,  and other kinds of game  .
the post magazine’s luxury issue isn’t what journalism is supposed to be .
the libraries serve the museum staff  ,  college  ,  and university students  ,  and the general public  .
conference on medical education begins .
</ref> some trilobites such as asaphus kowalewski evolved long eyestalks to assist in detecting predators whereas other trilobite eyes in contrast disappeared completely  .
when walter gropius founded the bauhaus in germany in 1919  ,  feininger became the master artist in charge of the printmaking workshop  .
it is dangerous because of rocks .
in this weeks we create here: .
folk legend pete seeger dies .
one month later  ,  it acquired opusforum . org  ,  another website offering online classifieds in germany  .
there are two kinds of symmetric-key algorithms  ,  called stream ciphers and block ciphers  .
a driver sees this .
many to remain in dark through christmas day .
police: man charged with peeping after he was discovered in women’s restroom stall .
its first campus  ,  uc berkeley  ,  was founded in 1868  ,  while its tenth and newest campus  ,  university of california  ,  merced  ,  opened for classes in fall 2005  .
he received the medal of honor because of his actions in world war ii  .
he is a baltimore native and the first african american to be on the supreme court of the united states  .
this became known as bennelong point  ,  and is now the site of the sydney opera house  .
artificial intelligence could cost millions of jobs .  the white house says we need more of it .  .
after the ioc’s decision ,  i will not watch the olympics .
senator said: these young people have shown up to free us .
death of former putin aide at d . c .  hotel is ruled accidental .
in 1863 grieg went to copenhagen  ,  denmark  ,  and stayed there for three years  .
former ohio state president gee waives claims to more than $6 million with new contract .
joel married actress frances mcdormand in 1984 ( she has acted in six of their movies )  .
stars over 120 solar masses exceed the eddington limit  ,  and their gravity is barely strong enough to hold in their radiation and gas  .
his parents separated in 1921 and his mother married william moore  ,  a blues singer the next year  .
the band started in california in 1989 with scott thile  ,  chris  father  ,  playing the double bass  .
local bjp leader gangraped in ranchi .
the band was officially formed in 1999  ,  known at that time as imagica  ,  a name taken from a novel by clive barker called imajica  .
as the size of the group increases  ,  the task of scanning the environment for predators is spread out over many individuals  .
although his given name is artur rubinstein  ,  in english-speaking countries he wanted to be known as arthur rubinstein  .
reason . com interview on the due process right to earn a living .
heritage victoria reports to the heritage council who decide which places and items should be on the register  .
we already know what donald trump does when he loses: he acts like it never happened .  .
after the polish defeat  ,  rommel returned to berlin to organize the führer s victory parade  ,  taking part himself as a member of hitler s entourage  .
despite the engine failures  ,  the flight gave nasa enough confidence in the saturn v to use it for manned launches  .
whats killing the bald eagles of utah ?  .
jaguars’ dante fowler apologizes for instigating fight between two women .
somehow ,  a dog is in the middle of a river .  the water in the river is very high and muddy .
it is an area of french and german ethnic groups  .
elections in november .
the central province ( sinhala : මධ යම පළ ත madhyama palata  ,  tamil : மத்திய மாகாணம் malaiyakam maakaanam ) is one of the nine provinces of sri lanka  .
they are topless .  there is fruit on them .
if the germans discovered people were involved in the resistance  ,  they were jailed  .
cooke seemed to have been trusted and liked by the other colonist because in early 1633  ,  cooke was assigned by the court to help resolve a dispute of a financial nature between peter browne and dr .  samuel fuller  .
his team had been beaten in two games in a row by the montreal canadiens in 1929-30  .
his home is in minnesota .
they can send information to doctors .
she says that she would like to meet obama .
karen attiah named global opinions editor .
the airline says that its flight crews have special training .  they know how to de-escalate conflicts .
he told the remaining guards to stand in their places for half an hour  .
he is in hospital .  on saturday ,  he dies .
back home in his home town of bordeaux  ,  he took up sculpture  ,  and rodolphe bresdin instructed him in etching and lithography  .
people go up higher to be safe
mather is a senior astrophysicist at the nasa goddard space flight center in maryland and he is a professor of physics at the university of maryland  ,  college park  .
it exploded during rush hour at 8 .
rensselaer county is in the eastern part of new york  .
only her car is wrecked .  the tank was completely fine
report: intelligence on fight against is wasn’t falsified .
more than 120 people are hurt .
john sherwood ,  journalist who roved washington and the chesapeake ,  dies at 84 .
edward john belfour ( born april 21  ,  1965 ) is a professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for leksands if in hockeyallsvenskan  ,  the second highest-level swedish ice hockey league  .
she became a prisoner there  ,  as the privy council decided to change sides and proclaim mary as queen  ,  on 19 july 1553  .
sources you use should have a reputation for accuracy  ,  and should not be associated with the subject  .
green chemistry applies organic chemistry  ,  inorganic chemistry  ,  biochemistry  ,  analytical chemistry and even physical chemistry  .
he is a `` permanent visiting  professor at northwestern university in evanston  ,  illinois  ,  and `` theodor heuss professor  at the new school  ,  new york  .
auto-tune can also be used as an effect to distort the human voice when pitch is raised\/lowered a lot  .
doctors operate on the boy .
they show it a picture ,  and the animal must come to it .
as a young adult  ,  she volunteered to register black voters in georgia and mississippi  .
in the late 1970s  ,  tipton s arthritis got worse and he had to retire from music  .
in many cases where doping was believed to happen  ,  no proof was found so most of records and medals won by east german athletes still stand  .
the importance of being earnest has been revived many times since its premiere and adapted for the cinema on three occasions  ,  in 1952  ,  1992 and 2002  .
japanese-american wataru misaka broke the nba color barrier in 1947-48  .
slovenian railways works electric desiro units that are made as desiro emg 312 sr 31e  .
speaker of va .  house signals willingness to consider medicaid expansion ,  but with strings attached .
researchers hope the technology will help them learn more about the fossilized insides of the creature  .
tortoises live in the galapagos islands .  people discover a new type of tortoise .
manchester united boss david moyes hails in-form keeper david de gea .
people are trying to help each other .  there are many operations in the city .
the holy cities of mecca  ,  and medina had been captured by the house of saud  ,  who held a form of islam called wahhabism  .
agreement of presidents to meet important step: .
they make some skin turn red .
padalecki is also known for playing sam winchester on the cw television series supernatural  .
the bushrangers in his area became more active  .
thousands of acres of crops are damaged after a severe storm .
it was filmed in melbourne and nearby suburbs of st kilda ( indoor scenes )  ,  eltham  ,  greensborough  ,  heidelberg  ,  mitcham and rosanna  .
the third highest peak is mount bird  ,  and on its slopes are shell glacier and endeavour piedmont glacier  .
these relays typically have 5 to 36 legs  ,  each between 5 and 10 kilometers ( 3-6 miles ) long  .
she paints her face and takes a photograph of it .
legislative races getting crowded .
in the early 1950s  ,  the amazing criswell predicted on national television that paul marco would go far in the movie business  .
this is preferable since the drive has the most knowledge of its performance characteristics  ,  and is able to take rotational position into account  .
emilio navaira ,  grammy-winning tejano musician ,  dies at 53 .
( that retreat is now called camp david since president dwight d .  eisenhower renamed it after his grandson  .  )
ben pillow joins the emerging news products team as an editor .
read at level 3
lavigne asked her fans in twitter what the next single from goodbye lullaby should be  .
former md .  state del .  will campos pleads guilty to accepting bribes for official favors .
hall of famer bill sharman dies friday .
my star will be exactly above the place where i fell last year .
he was also an eight-time winner of the u . s .  chess championship  .
chaffetz: members of congress should get stipends to afford homes in d . c .  .
marion sylvester barber iii ( born june 10  ,  1983 ) is a former american football running back in the national football league  .
the nine network repeated the series several times after australian television became color in 1975  .
benedict cumberbatch appears on sesame street .
thackeray to inaugurate photojournalism course .
the government is using internet crowdfunding to get money .
this suggests that  ,  in life  ,  the tail could swish to the sides with some flexibility  .
sammy lee ,  first asian american man to win an olympic gold medal ,  dies at 96 .
as an added bonus ,  customer’s aren’t charged until they approve the entire project .
there are many cameras there to film them .  they stay at the doll house for 3 to 4 weeks at a time .
the position of the low countries  ,  between france and germany made the area a good route for an attack by either side  .
it spreads close to a city .
the lights make people happy .  the rose is a western symbol .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
it is aggressive .  the bear runs into a kindergarten .
most of the year s rainfall is happens in these months  ,  and many low-lying areas are flooded  .
doc bs hopes to bring something fresh to the gold coast .
when she kisses sky though  ,  she discovers he is a horrible kisser and chooses to kiss her friend slater ( harland williams ) instead  .
former metro access driver found guilty of supporting islamic state .
mike oxley ,  ohio congressman who co-authored anti-fraud law ,  dies at 71 .
during the late 1990s  ,  lessing suffered a stroke which stopped her from traveling during her later years and focused her mind on death  .
it shows how the men escape .
md .  attorney general frosh endorses rushern l .  baker iii for governor .
retired marine gen .  john f .  kelly picked to head department of homeland security .
the browns finally draft a quarterback and it’s … wait ,  cody kessler ?  .
his parents were william prescott  ,  jr .   ,  a lawyer  ,  and his wife  ,  catherine greene hickling  .
boeing restructures commercial airplane strategy .
william mcpherson ,  pulitzer-winning book critic who chronicled his decline into poverty ,  dies at 84 .
karloff returned to the character of the monster in bride of frankenstein ( 1935 )  ,  and son of frankenstein ( 1939 )  .
marsupials appear to have traveled from south america through antarctica to australasia in the late cretaceous or early tertiary  .
even dinosaurs are found here : a new maniraptor was described in 1996  .
this news is from taipei .  people are at a water park .
the san diego padres have decided to make a catcher a relief pitcher .
freedom of speech includes not only the text and pictures but also the means of expression  .
the navy will test it at sea for three years .
they fight in lille .  lille is in northern france .  supporters of england and russia fight .
on december 6  ,  2005  ,  ho had his own stem cells put into his heart by amit patel and his other doctors in thailand  .
when a page is moved ( renamed )  ,  the whole history of the article  ,  before and after the move  ,  is shown  .
in 1956 the sadler s wells company later moved to covent garden where it became the royal ballet touring company  .
` round springfield  finished 60th on its american broadcast in the ratings for the week of april 24 to april 30  ,  1995  .
in fact  ,  it was welcomed as farmers needed the rain there to finish the sowing of cereal crops  .
roger federer has knee surgery after loss to novak djokovic .
a person who is tough is strong .  the word guy means a man
lockheed martin to let go roughly 200 more it workers .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering works better for blue light than red ( this is the same reason that the sky is blue and sunsets are red )  .
also  ,  orton delivered a double elevated ddt from the second rope to both cena and triple h simultaneously  .
the face of crazy horse was completed and dedicated in 1998  .
manchester united target gundogan signs new deal with dortmund .
the study of language began in india with pāṇini  ,  the 5th century bc grammarian who wrote about the 3 , 959 rules of sanskrit morphology  ,  which described the different kinds of vowels and consonants sanskrit had  ,  as well as verb and noun classes  .
fedex expands senseaware network .
itczech – http://bagobago .
surging seattle seahawks look ready to defend their nfc crown .
different colors seen recently suggest a possibility of a big crater  ,  suggesting that erriapo and tarvos could be pieces of albiorix following a near break-up collision with another body  .
it is the main component of connective tissue  ,  and is the most abundant protein in mammals  .
trump and republicans face a fresh test to shape supreme court ,  assert their power with gorsuch hearings .
the singles charted at number 1 and number 2  ,  respectively  .
international organizations have accused both government and opposition forces of harming human rights  .
the term is defined to refer to the area from ventura to the southern border of orange county  ,  and from the pacific ocean to the inland empire  .
it erupts .  smoke comes out of it .
he makes the elephant go to sleep .  he looks inside its mouth .
a japanese artist projects films on a face .  he can make your face look like anything .
fewer than one in 400 paper cups at cafes are recycled .
maryland center damonte dodd ‘will be out for a while’ because of sprained mcl .
nasa’s hubble space telescope finds water on this moon .
gusty morning showers ,  thunder possible with strong cold front on thursday .
in at least one interview  ,  horowitz said that believes h .  p .  lovecraft based his fictional necronomicon on real writing  ,  and to have read some of that writing  .
to-do lists help us to relax .  we dont worry about things we have to do .
we wish you a merry christmas and a happy new year .
virginia state police superintendent to step down .
there are sharks in the water .
.
the usa sends four warplanes to south korea .  these warplanes are the usa’s best warplanes
correction: oregon protester ammon bundy did not compare himself to rosa parks .
her father said: she just wanted to put a smile on peoples faces .
trump will not release democrats’ memo on fbi surveillance .
on december 19  ,  2010  ,  flynn made his first nfl start against the new england patriots because starting quarterback aaron rodgers was hurt  .
five hundred people watch the event .
example : a more concise alternative sometimes seen is ^ w  ,  which is the shortcut to delete the previous word in the berkeley unix terminal line discipline  .
ear-tube surgery may not solve all hearing problems .
bethlehem area school district reports suspicious man near bus stop .
trump to nominate jon huntsman as ambassador to russia .
researchers recorded two bottlenose dolphins .
the l&b had a very good safety record  ,  and no members of the public were killed or injured  ,  although accidents at braunton road and chumhill did take the lives of three workers  .
vulcan carefully shut this precious coal in a clamshell and took it back to his underwater grotto and made a fire with it  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
turkey’s ruling party names erdogan ally as new leader .
the division was purchased by german rail operator deutsche bahn in january 2008  ,  subject to approval by authorities  .
the cathedral was founded in 680 with bishop bosel as its head  .
jarvis retires from international cricket .
for loudoun county schools ,  another year means more expansion .
hillary clinton to unveil major jobs and infrastructure spending proposal .
the winner is very happy .  he becomes the world scrabble champion of 2016 .
the dog and the cheetah play together .
outkast s first greatest hits album big boi and dre present  .  .  .  outkast was released on december 4  ,  2001  .
now ,  there are two new animals .  they predict the future ,  too .
the state is classified as subtropical cfa under the koppen climate classification  .
chiara has acted in the feature movies x-men : x2  ,  40 days and 40 nights  ,  almost america  ,  in the land of women  ,  and good luck chuck  .
it is dark down there ,  quiet ,  and the temperature is stable .
the russian customs tests the substance .  the people see that it is not a drug .
it currently comes in the following flavors : the drink has its name because some of original recipe s main ingredients come from hawaii  .
court extends custody of musharraf .
he flies backwards .  he falls on the ground .
he decides to stop the thief .
turkish airlines and euroleague basketball continue partnership through 2020 .
project x was released in the united states  ,  canada and the united kingdom on 2 march 2012  .
it is nine miles long .  a company operates the pipeline .
it has the chemical symbol n and atomic number 7  .
bradenton man robbed on way home from mcdonalds .
the who said four million people could get zika .
the basic movement ( also called the basic figure or the basic step ) is the most basic movement that defines the character of a dance  .
in jakarta ,  there is a tower for the indonesia stock exchange .
many people signed a petition for the united airlines boss to quit .
there were persistent rumors that the treasure originally included coins  ,  and probably the group as we see it now is incomplete  .
lee marvin ( february 19  ,  1924 - august 29  ,  1987 )  ,  was an american actor  .
he started and led the estado novo ( `` new state  )  ,  the authoritarian  ,  right-wing government that ruled portugal from 1932 to 1974  .
tatsu competed in his first royal rumble but lost when he was eliminated john cena  .
in april 1955  ,  seven victorian federal mps and eighteen state mps were expelled from the alp  .
these advances allowed astronomers to detect exoplanets indirectly by measuring their gravitational influence on the motion of their parent stars  .
he was the last of the five good emperors  ,  and is considered one of the most important stoic philosophers  .
ferruccio busoni ( born 1 april ; died 27 july 1924 ) was an italian composer  ,  pianist  ,  teacher and conductor  .
at its northern end the shores are nearly level  ,  while on the west shore the wooded promontory of buonas ( with its castles  ,  old and new ) projects picturesquely into the waters  .
he has a cockroach farm .
abbeville was the capital of the former province of france of ponthieu  .
federal jury convicts bowie man for role in drug ring ,  authorities said .
helmut kohl ,  german statesman who united his country after cold war ,  dies at 87 .
former school board member in maryland is sentenced in school lunch fraud case .
he made his first movie  ,  a lady without passport  ,  in 1950  .
you can do this by yourself .  you do not need other people’s help .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
fucking ( ipa : ( ˈfʊkɪŋ ) ) is an austrian village in the municipality of tarsdorf  ,  in the innviertel region of western upper austria  .
of these systems  ,  the abo blood group system in combination with the rhesus blood group system are the most important  .
the metaphysical problem of establishing what kind of reality we perceive was of little interest to husserl in spite of his being a transcendental idealist  .
braxton was a contestant on the seventh season of the reality television show dancing with the stars  .
this is the highest number ever .
the super monster wolf robot could scare away wild boar and deer .
it is free .  someone filmed all of this on video
top trump adviser says israeli settlements are not an obstacle to peace .
many groups have criticised circuses .
us navy deploys amphibious ship to mediterranean .
the project is already running .  one thousand people have the app .
people from omaha tried to stop the move by renaming lancaster after the recently-killed president abraham lincoln  .
supreme court seems to favor miami suing banks whose lending practices led to neighborhood blight .
female at birth but identifies as male to be .
bridgestone corporation ( 株式会社ブリヂストン  ,  kabushiki-gaisha burijisuton  ?  )
fracking  ,  or hydraulic fracturing  ,  is forcing fractures in a rock layer  ,  by pressurized fluid  .
in october 2005 he married ( in rome ) minu barati  ,  who was his common-law wife for 2 years  .
duke travels to blacksburg for va .  .  .
historians studying ancient persian records date the arrival to sometime before 500 bc  ,  saying it was either persian transplantation of saffron corms to stock new gardens and parks or a persian invasion and colonization of kashmir  .
according to german food laws  ,  only products called `` bavarian leberkäse  are allowed not to have liver in them ; otherwise  ,  there must be a minimum liver content of 4 %  .
a local man liked this story .
like the land plants  ,  green algae contain chlorophylls a and b  ,  and store food as starch in their plastids  .
lawyer lisa bloom quits advisory role with harvey weinstein and hints at agreement .
they watch the protesters
the frogs need special conditions .
headscarves and veils used for muslim religious dress include : note that the arabic word hijab refers to modest behavior in general  ,  and pertains to men and women  ,  but it is sometimes used in other languages to describe the muslim headscarf  ,  also known as a khimar  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
these and other differences show that the fungi form a single group of related organisms  ,  called the eumycota or eumycetes  .
they say that education is only for rich white people
livingstone would sue for the toronto team s revenues in 1918  .
attorney general sessions retains a personal attorney .
it attacks syria by air .  it attacks president assad’s military bases for the first time .
local roundup: two men are killed in separate shootings in the district .
the hurricane broke a three month drought  ,  but caused heavy crop damage in the process  .
it was the third annual event under the night of champions name and the ninth annual event under the vengeance\/night of champions chronology  .
pgp is often used for signing  ,  encrypting and decrypting electronic mails ( e-mails ) to increase the security of e-mail communications  .
three tigers are born at a zoo in china .
post-abc poll: most say trump is interfering with russia investigations .
teachers at fairfax county preschool charged with assaulting student .
queen elizabeth ii visits malta .
australia has participated in every summer olympic games since 1896  ,  and every commonwealth games  .
susan george ( born 1934 ) is a well-known writer on third world poverty  ,  underdevelopment and debt  .
the following to return for third season .
five hurricanes reached category 2 intensity or higher on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale  .
the washington post builds new technology to deliver faster ads across the web .
drummer  ,  singer and songwriter tim oreagan joined the band for the 1995 tour  .
people organise a race in england .  around 5 , 000 people run in the race .
over 50 book sellers from around australia set up shop for the day in the town s historic buildings  .
baltimore mayor rawlings-blake will be professional speaker after stepping down .
in combination with a high spring tide and peripheral winds generated by estelle  ,  huge waves crashed on the shores of the big island on the afternoon of july 22  .
united kingdom denies visa to cuban antiterrorist fighter rene gonzalez .
his burial place is unknown  .
when i leave ,  you will be sad .
etta the hen runs into the barn and tells otis  ,  and the alerted son runs outside to his father  .
the mine was just to the north of this road  .
for discovering the central role of dendritic cells in the adaptive immune response  ,  steinman was awarded the albert lasker award in 2007  ,  and the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2011  .
because of this  ,  `` weird al  yankovic made a parody of the song called `` smells like nirvana   .
saudi prince arrested on king salman’s order after video appears to show abusive behavior .
the other end is the northern end of hungerford bridge  ,  which is crossed by all trains serving the station  .
vera katz ,  3-term mayor of portland who helped shape oregon city into ‘hipster haven , ’ dies at 84 .
kevin dubrow was recruited into the band and they changed their name to quiet riot  .
they arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do hera s bidding  .
thai customs shows some of the cars on the news .  this is to show that the cars are found .
jean-baptiste bagaza ,  ousted burundian president ,  dies at 69 .
thorne succeeded dan shulman  ,  who had called for the network since 2002 ; shulman  ,  in turn  ,  had been preceded by charley steiner from 1998-2002  .
nutrition answers: understanding cholesterol and plant-based diets .
the little girl was excited to sell her lemonade .
explosion protection is meant to protect buildings and other civil engineering objects against internal and external explosions  .
in the latter years of his life  ,  gould also taught biology and evolution at new york university near his home in soho  .
his 1597 book  ,  daemonologie  ,  he told his followers that they must report and prosecute any supporters or practitioners of witchcraft  .
st .  pete high to strictly enforce dress code .
it was filmed in staples center  ,  los angeles  ,  california which was shot on september 2  ,  2007 during her worldwide tour the beyoncé experience  .
the states bordering alabama are tennessee to the north ; georgia to the east ; florida to the south ; and mississippi to the west  .
1566 icarus is an apollo asteroid ( a sub-class of near-earth asteroid ) whose strange characteristic is that at perihelion ( is closest approach to the sun ) it is closer to the sun than mercury ; it is said to be a mercury-crosser asteroid  .
arne duncan calls for addressing gun violence in final speech as education secretary .
they are found along the penis shaft  ,  from the pubic bones to the head of the penis  .
her role in fly me to polaris got her the award for best newcomer at the hong kong film awards  .
maryland men beat richmond in overtime ,  88-82 .
mate also contains elements such as potassium  ,  magnesium and manganese  .
these are animals like wild cats and foxes .
indeed ,  both refer to different paper types .
a low social status can be bad for you .
go watch the video .  if you do not feel well afterwards ,  have a cup of tea .
in 1895  ,  dvořák wrote his cello concerto in b minor  ,  which was to become one of his most popular works  .
demarcus cousins suspended one game .
this looked at how the evolutionary mechanisms involved in speciation might be extended to explain the origins of the differences between the higher level taxa  .
it wants to find lots of resources on lifeless rocks .  it said this would help to save natural resources on earth .
it has bamboo ,  apples ,  carrots and pineapples .
senator bingham described the poem as `` indecent  ,  obscene doggerel verse  which gave `` offense to hundreds of thousands of our fellow citizens and an offense to the declaration of independence and our constitution  .
vladimir putin tells angela merkel ,  ukraine needs constitutional reform: .
the reading dome s original high windows were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 because water was getting into the building  .
`` mukshpuri  and `` miranjani  are the two nearby high peaks both of which are favored by hikers  .
at christmas  ,  he came to terms with the younger simon de montfort and his associates at the isle of axholme in lincolnshire  .
don’t separate mothers and children .
the japanese refused to surrender  ,  and almost all were killed  .
pep guardiola to take over at manchester city next season .
asian markets trade higher; .
third man in northeast washington car crash dies .
air force academy suspends multiple lacrosse coaches ,  players in probe of alleged misconduct .
monnat  ,  vogel  ,  and sordo  ,  in 2002  ,  measured the kinetics of addition of sulfur dioxide to 1 , 2-dimethylidenecycloalkanes  .
the first of these was held at the stedelijk museum in amsterdam  ,  november ( 1949 )  ,  the other at the palais des beaux-arts in liège ( 1951 )  .
they changed the how plants use photosynthesis .
he did this several years after having brain surgery and testicular surgery  ,  and a long course of chemotherapy in 1996  ,  to treat testicular cancer that spread to his brain and lungs  .
they say that it is amazing
supermarkets also throw away good vegetables if they are a strange shape .
a woman says that stalin was terrible .  she thinks that people should not remember him .
to restore proper government  ,  britain made the bahamas a crown colony in 1718  .
joel osteen’s houston megachurch transforms into shelter .
on may 8-9  ,  1992 the city was captured by armenian armed forces  .
although the architect otto wagner is one of the most important members he was not a founding member  .
he recently composed a piece called interventions for piano and orchestra which was given its first performance in the symphony hall  ,  boston where it was played by the boston symphony orchestra conducted by james levine with the pianist daniel barenboim as soloist  .
tori roloff’s nipple pain while breastfeeding stokes pregnancy rumors .
voter registration deadline is may 23 ,  2014 .
it supports nordic and faroese culture  ,  locally and in the nordic region  .
wladimir klitschko retains wba and ibf titles ,  unanimously outpointing alexander povetkin .
no ,  the media didn’t create trump .
it shows how the spiders walked
perpetual lifts funds under management .
he shares the video with his 5 .
eduard hanslick ( born prague september 11  ,  1825 ; died baden  ,  austria  ,  august 6  ,  1904 ) was a famous music critic  .
some children leave syria with their families .
people saw her ,  and they changed .  now it is 20 years after diana’s death .
italian judge orders client of child prostitute to buy her 30 books .
he beatified ignatius loyola  ,  philip neri  ,  theresa of avila and francis xavier  .
through levying enormous custom duties  ,  prussia accelerated the inevitable collapse of the commonwealth ( eb  .  )
they smile and laugh .  the pig makes people happy
she made her movie debut in the 1997 drama movie nowhere  .
in 2005  ,  a ban was placed on skydiving near the airport  .
she married dr .  james slater murphy  ,  a virologist associated with rockefeller institute who was a close friend to nelson rockefeller on december 11  ,  1945  ,  they divorced on april 1  ,  1963  .
nfl to consider abolishing the extra point .
near it are the natural history museum  ,  the science museum  ,  imperial college  ,  the albert hall and the albert memorial  .
a dog is in danger .
in the kojiki tradition  ,  amaterasu is the sister of susanoo  ,  the god of the sea and storms  ,  and of tsukuyomi  ,  the god of the moon  .
the cleaner needs one hour to clean the air in a room .
a travelcard entitles the holder to use the following modes of transport within greater london : travelcards also entitle the holder to a 33 % discount on some london river services  .
americans return ban chiang artefacts .
metro: we’re getting better ,  give us another chance .
new hope for hiv cure as child remains virus-free years after final treatment .
the story of the new film happens 30 years after the sixth film .
during world war ii  ,  permeke was forbidden to paint by the german occupiers  .
they say that the fish do this .  others say that there is not enough oxygen in the water .
arthur edward `` art  pepper  ,  jr .  ( september 1  ,  1925-june 15  ,  1982 ) was an american jazz alto saxophonist  .
p10 ray published about 23 works  ,  depending on how one counts them  .
this news is from india .
then the mate is turned upside-down  ,  and shaken vigorously  ,  but briefly and with gradually decreasing force  ,  in this inverted position causing the finest  ,  most powdery particles of the yerba to settle toward the preparer s palm and the top of the mate  .
u . s . : airstrike that killed 10 iraqi soldiers was ‘a mistake that involved both sides’ .
hard solder melts at a higher temperature with a torch  .
in 1960  ,  pope john xxiii created him cardinal of sant ` antonio da padova in via merulana  .
since 1990  ,  the building of a new u . s .  department of transportation office complex and nationals park  ,  the new usd$ 600 million stadium of the washington nationals major league baseball team  ,  caused quick changes in the neighborhood  .
there are explosions on the sun .
microsoft corporation (msft) will still make millions from xp .
the christian faith has been alive in the region since at least the 4th century ad  .
while some psynergy can only be used in battle  ,  some are only used in the game s overworld and in non-battle place  .
some modern variants filled with milk jam or a mix of chocolate and milk jam can be found in rio de janeiro s bakeries  .
jackie bradley jr .  and the strange history of 30-game hitting streaks .
they launch it from kazakhstan .
the ancient greeks distinguished between several types of magnitude  ,  including : they had proven that the first two could not be the same  ,  or even isomorphic systems of magnitude  .
she adds that mandela is now with all of her people
it’s much more difficult to judge yourself than to judge other people .
john b .  anderson ,  fiery independent candidate in 1980 presidential race ,  dies at 95 .
critics  ,  most notably the new republic literary editor leon wieseltier  ,  have charged him with opportunism  ,  crass showmanship  ,  and lack of scholarly seriousness  .
days might be numbered for one of the nation’s largest college accreditors .
klaus baudelaire is a fictional character in the popular children s book series  ,  a series of unfortunate events by lemony snicket  .
he was buried in the national memorial cemetery of the pacific  ,  honolulu  ,  hawaii  .
obamacare repeal could cost d . c .  $623 million a year ,  mayor says .
the car stops .  the four young people try to run away .
cell companies would have to share tracking data in emergencies under va .  bill .
she was trained at the ballet school of teatro alla scala in milan  .
this is when we grow old .
this news is about a chinese man .
united states national academies or national academies comprising serve collectively as the scientific national academy for the united states  .
eurystheus ordered herakles to bring him the horses of king diomedes of thrace  .
abbey road studios  ,  usually called just `` abbey road   ,  are the recording studios in emi s headquarters in st .  john s wood  ,  london  ,  england  .
his patented ac electric motor ( induction motor ) and transformer were licensed by american industrialist george westinghouse  .
it was voted as the nme album of the year for 2005  ,  and reached number three on uk album charts before being certified platinum  .
the restaurant sells 5 , 000 bowls of noodles every day .
the b-cc rescue squad plan will enhance public safety .
on january 14  ,  2010  ,  the rsa in partnership with arts council england hosted a one day conference in london called `` state of the arts   .
the p-to-s ratio ( denoted λ in general ) is √ 3 in this example  ,  and n2λ2 = 3\/4 is the p character or the weight of the p component  .
the chemicals mean the chance of finding life on mars is very low .
state department reprimands china over sex trafficking and forced labor .
they have choreographed for nfl and nba dance teams including the dallas cowboys  ,  denver broncos  ,  chicago bulls  ,  and orlando magic  .
iraqi jets strike islamic state in syria for first time as troops advance in mosul .
tim kaine names former aide as his vice-presidential transition director .
roy moore campaign refuses to substantiate claims about accuser .
supreme court to monitor probe into muzaffarnagar riots till end .
fitch appoints associate strategy director .
hyssop leaves have a slightly bitter minty flavor and can be added to soups  ,  salads or meats  ,  but it should be used sparingly as the flavor is very strong  .
this makes it more convenient to eat  ,  as utensils are not required to peel or cut the fruit  .
duluth forms a metropolitan area with superior  ,  wisconsin called the `` twin ports   .
some may exhibit mixotrophy  ,  using mixed sources of energy  .
a newspaper said womens clothes and beauty products are 36 per cent more expensive than those for men .
it also wants people who are ill to get help sooner .
she gives birth .  she has three males and five female cubs .  that is eight cubs all together .
cooking channel is a television channel that replaced fine living network from may 31  ,  2010  .
in 2005  ,  curtin university of technology joined uwa in albany to offer extra courses  .
he is drunk .
the u . s .  department of defense standardized an 8  × 8  cross section container in multiples of 10  lengths for military use  .
in 1845  ,  he graduated from the comprehensive secondary school in zagreb  .
after retiring from abc news in 1999  ,  bruno became chairman of the national fallen firefighters foundation until 2008  .
they are in trouble ,  too
man charged with stealing grandfathers car .
areas of kilmarnock include : kilmarnock s traditional industries were based around textiles and heavy engineering : e . g .  locomotives ( andrew barclay and sons ) from 1837 through 1970  ,  and valves ( glenfield and kennedy )  ,  which are still in production ; and carpets ( manufactured by bmk ) from the early 1900s  .
four of a family die as truck hits motorcycle .
he also made prints to be used as cards  ,  wallpaper  ,  coats of arms  ,  designs for other artists and designs for stained or painted glass  .
often  ,  a rain shadow will occur on the leeward side of a range  .
most of the land is either open or mountainous land  ,  but there is also some farm-land snowdonia national park has a hole in the middle  ,  around the town of blaenau ffestiniog
kirk cousins named nfc offensive player of the week .
this news is about wedding dresses .
denmark wants to help energy ,  many other sectors .
business improvement district for old town alexandria not feasible ,  city manager says .
macmahon holdings announces first loss in 10 years .
it is the sequel to 2008 s iron man  ,  the second piece in a planned trilogy  ,  and is the third film released as part of the marvel cinematic universe  .
the sprint hurdle race indoors is usually 60 meters for both men and women  ,  although races 55 meters or 50 meters long are sometimes run  .
introductory texts on tamil literature planned .
loudoun supervisors renew contract for inmate medical ,  psychiatric care .
erdogan is a turkish leader .
celtics waive shavlik randolph .
not all people want to leave spain .  some people want to stay
clinton aide told fbi there were internal concerns raised at state over private email server .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
songs from the album have been played on house of blues radio hour  .
palos verdes is often used to refer to a group of coastal cities on the palos verdes peninsula in the los angeles\/south bay area of california  .
it takes a source vertex and finds the path with lowest cost between the source vertex and every other vertex in the graph  .
it is 145 miles ( 233 km ) from london  ,  18 miles ( 29 km ) from sheffield and 54 miles ( 87 km ) from manchester  .
an official of the smithsonian institute once described her as the first lady of the national collection of fine arts  .
it is awarded in the name of the emperor  .
in 2014 ,  only 10 , 000 people in japan got help for eating disorders .
it is 6 , 000 metres high .  the volcano erupts .
the show was created by television writers bryan elsley and jamie brittain  ,  and was first shown on e4 on 25 january 2007  .
it almost goes down .
the world bank group is a group of five international organizations  .
as a result of the development of agriculture in the south  ,  important cultural development was possible there  .
the puritans were a group of english-speaking protestants in the 16th and 17th centuries  .
congratulations ,  steve bannon ,  you just elected a democrat in alabama .
the company will be the first chinese social media site to be a global brand .
part of georgetown pike near old dominion drive closed after crash .
one of his forebears had been burned by the inquisition for secretly continuing to practice judaism  .
jean-claude’s shame !  van damme’s son arrested for boozing ,  theft before assault .
tiffany trump attends a law school lecture by ruth bader ginsburg .
i .  during august 18 and august 19  ,  a hurricane was noted in jamaica  .
nickel creek got two grammy award nominations for the album : best bluegrass album and best country instrumental for `` ode to a butterfly   .
merrick left school aged 12 and tried to find a job but it was difficult because he was deformed and disabled  .
poll: dead heat in virginia governor’s race; gillespie is outperforming trump .
it is called the shanghai tower .
an example of an automaton is the turing machine  .
trump ,  putin agree in phone call to improve ‘unsatisfactory’ relations between their countries ,  kremlin says .
voting picks up in delhi .
guavus unveils carereflex .
trent johnston to retire in december .
d . c .  stun gun ban being challenged on second amendment grounds .
he is also known for acting in numerous films  ,  on the television  ,  musicals  ,  and in commercials  .
international companies are asking staff to use only english to reduce language barriers .
as 2005 began  ,  triple h believed that batista was becoming a threat to his world heavyweight championship  .
some of the baby orangutans lost their parents because of hunting ,  logging and forest fires .
shellfish is a culinary term for aquatic invertebrates used as food : molluscs  ,  crustaceans  ,  and echinoderms  .
she continued to investigate the problem and identified a new element that she called suppressor-mutator ( spm )  ,  which  ,  although similar to ac\/ds  ,  displays more complex behavior  .
they defeat the invaders  ,  and tauriel uses her knowledge of herbs to heal kíli s wound  ,  saving his life once again  ,  after which they admit that they have developed a bond with one another  .
the original bakery could still be seen on the site until a coffee shop arturo s replaced it  .
apart from his popularity as a musician  ,  he is well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor  .
closing apps to save on your iphone battery is a myth .
the height is either from the average sea level ( also called mean sea level or msl )  ,  or from the ground ( also called above ground level  ,  or agl )  .
it is the biggest town  ,  and the center of the local government area called the rural city of ararat  .
historically  ,  only members of the royal family and the king s troop  ,  royal horse artillery  ,  have been allowed to pass through the arch in ceremonial procession  .
melbourne s two other early central-city stations  ,  spencer street station ( now southern cross station ) and princes bridge  ,  opened in 1859  .
the team was also known as footwork  .
common kestrels are 32-39 cm ( 13-15 in ) from head to tail  .
she was also hired to promote the new motorola dext phone  .
he was found guilty of the 1991 murder of his fourth wife  ,  cynthia baumgartner roth  .
a spokeswoman for the british government called it a rip-off .
6 per cent last year and could be 11 .
he is famous for his description of greece ( ἑλλάδος περιήγησις )  ,  a lengthy work that describes ancient greece from firsthand observations  .
he worked closely with roald hoffmann on the theory of chemical reactions  .
mnemonics is an old method of helping people remember things .
he interviewed robinson for possible assignment to brooklyn s international league farm club  ,  the montreal royals  .
german national deported after being found guilty of child molestation .
all remaining rights and property of the dukes of atholl on the island were sold to the british government in 1828  .
it is now in london .  it is there until september 2017 .
if approved  ,  they are sworn in and begin their duties  .
the bulgarian man is unwell .  he is seasick .
it can cool buildings and things even under the hot sun .
british police arrest 18-year-old man in connection with london subway attack .
he tricked people into thinking the calls were from local numbers or from famous companies .
in 2005 it was reduced to just health  ,  and the social security part of its work went to the ministry of labor and social affairs ( german : bundesministerium für arbeit und soziales ) some of the jobs of the federal ministry of health are : the bmg oversees :
bo diddley ( born ellas bates  ,  december 30  ,  1928 in mccomb  ,  mississippi  ,  died june 2  ,  2008 in archer  ,  florida ) was an american singer  ,  guitarist and songwriter  .
he set up and directed a team that included serge chermayeff and wells coates and designed the vaudeville studio  ,  the associated green and dressing rooms  ,  and the dance and chamber music studios in a flowing art deco style  .
the size of the britannica is almost the same over the past 70 years  ,  with about 40 million words on half a million topics  .
police arrest man suspected of robbing five d . c .  taxi drivers at gunpoint .
they were young persons  ,  in their twenties  ,  and were from well‑to‑do bourgeois families who were financially supporting them  .
in certain applications  ,  such as air compression  ,  multi-stage double-acting compressors are said to be the most efficient compressors available  ,  and are typically larger  ,  noisier  ,  and more costly than comparable rotary units  .
there have been similar cases of rip-off prices in venice .
tyrrell was still sponsored by french fuel company elf  ,  and tyrrell would keep the traditional french blue racing colors for most of the rest of the time the company existed  .
trump: ‘i really don’t want jeb’s endorsement’ .
people make a tv show .  this is in the czech republic .  the tv show is a reality show .
people close the metro .
of the 14 vaccines currently recommended  ,  he developed eight : those for measles  ,  mumps  ,  hepatitis a  ,  hepatitis b  ,  chickenpox  ,  meningitis  ,  pneumonia and haemophilus influenza bacteria  .
poorer people have cars and tvs ,  but that does not mean they are happy .
farmers must help their animals .  they show them the way across a river .
rashan gary to decide between michigan ,  clemson on national signing day .
the descent of man  ,  and selection in relation to sex is a book by charles darwin  ,  first published in 1871  .
the dad is called winston .  the baby is their second child .
researchers said people who went to bed late were 10 per cent more likely to die earlier .
the oxygen in furan has two lone pairs  ,  one of which fills a p-orbital on that position  .
in russia ,  a siberian tiger walks in a city .  people catch him .
the mourning is three days long
power plants quickly change steam to water .
`` buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo  is a sentence that uses correct grammar  .
for example  ,  241 is represented as σμαʹ ( 200 + 40 + 1 )  .
at first the school was named `` suny upstate medical center  and later named `` suny health science center at syracuse  in 1986  .
the biggest city is guayaquil on the coast  .
so  ,  the surface will push back against any curvature in much the same way as a ball pushed uphill will push back to minimize its gravitational potential energy  .
for example  ,  wan zhen  ,  a chinese medical expert  ,  reported that  ( t ) he habitat of saffron is in kashmir  ,  where people grow it principally to offer it to the buddha  .
at the national portrait gallery ,  marlene dietrich exerts a seductive ,  enigmatic pull .
activity-based costing also focuses less on direct labor as a cost driver and looks instead on activities that drive costs  ,  as the provision of a service or the production of a product component  .
nine people die .  this happens in south carolina ,  usa .
in capua  ,  the words iovi vesvvio ( jupiter vesuvius ) show that he was worshipped as a power of jupiter  .
shahi was reported to have disappeared in london in 2001 ; afterwards  ,  sightings of him were reported around the world of people claiming to have met and received spiritual guidance from him  .
the city of eisenach left the district in 1998 and became a district-free city  .
it is very big .  it looks like an alien .
they will send the pictures back .  the pictures will come back in four years
however ,  a university studies the dogs .
in 2005 daimler became the sole owner of ilmor and renamed the company mercedes-benz highperformanceengines ltd .   .
the stone age people made flour from wheat and barley .
these supposedly included the land now owned by château ausone  ,  which takes its name from him  .
civil war and its fallout fully settled: .
the plane flies from barcelona to düsseldorf .
7 metres long .  an adult giant squid can be 18 metres long
the si unit of energy is the joule although other historical  ,  conventional units are still in use  ,  such as the ( small and large ) calorie for heat  .
terry lost the championship to a . j .  styles on the july 22 episode of impact  !
dynamics have changed at the great platte river road archway .
a study of 10 , 000 british jews showed that only 59 per cent of them feel welcome in the uk .
the airbnb boss wants everyone to use it .
bayeux is a sous-préfecture of the calvados department  .
tesla had a job in telephony and electrical engineering before moving to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison  .
the children go only up and up twenty meters .  it is very dangerous .
dang ,  rob ford has a really great seat for this blue jays game .
in 2001  ,  branstad was appointed by president george w .  bush to chair the president s commission for excellence in special education  .
the man attacks the nurses there .  he tries to hit them with a metal bar .
now ,  the woman contacts police .
they found a way of photographing molecules .
people can stop hearing loss .
is clinton ready for the wild west campaign of donald trump ?  .
they stop flying after ten minutes .  they have parachutes .
tony the tiger was originally voiced by thurl ravenscroft  ,  who continued providing his voice until his death in 2005  .
bitter blood !  nbc freaking out over ann curry telling all on matt lauer sex scandal .
starting in pokémon ruby and sapphire  ,  pokémon have abilities which affect them in various ways  .
fifty years ago we ate a different banana .
viking raids occurred both separately and together with regular trading expeditions  .
the border of this province are north central province on the north  ,  uva province on the east  ,  north western province on the west and sabaragamuwa province on the south and west  .
did a debate moderator just get donald trump to back down ?  yes .  yes he did .  .
caldwell county is part of the local western piedmont council of governments  .
the prisoners go back in their cell .
could bats help reduce the spread of the zika virus ?  .
in 1958  ,  leakey sent goodall to london to study primate behavior with two experts  .
to the south of kanata is the former village of richmond  ,  ontario which pre-dated what is now the city of ottawa  .
in the uk  ,  marrowfat peas are used to make pease pudding ( or `` pease porridge  )  ,  a traditional dish  .
the temperature goes from 40 to 22 degrees celsius .
a labradoodle is a mixed-breed dog  ,  created by breeding a labrador retriever with a poodle  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
many of the animals present had bizarre anatomical features and only the slightest resemblance to other known animals  .
this is because a slow spacecraft would probably be passed by another mission sent later with more advanced propulsion  .
nearly 300 , 000 people climb it every year .
there are 6 , 000 barbie dolls in his collection .
part of the food is given by members of the community  ,  which creates nightly potluck dinners  .
from then until the end of 2011  ,  they sold 2 , 150 tesla roadsters to customers in 31 countries  .
this plane is old .  the pilot wants to do a trick .
fire lieutenant can’t retire before he faces discipline ,  department chief says .
he completed high school in 1991 and he attended georgia tech in atlanta  ,  where he played golf for the yellow jackets ; he turned professional in 1995  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
under fire but defiant ,  n .  korea sends envoy to malaysia over killing of kim jong nam .
mr .  trump would be wise to not pay off all our national debt .
according to the pakistani press foundation shahi died in 2001 an article from 2006 in the sunday telegraph reports that shahi died in 2003  ,  and a 2009 article in your local guardian also says he was reported to have died in 2003  .
the professor will test water from the lake .
after that  ,  the sprouses started acting in the disney channel original series the suite life of zack and cody  ,  where they portrayed identical twins zack ( dylan ) and cody ( cole ) martin  .
for example  ,  some churches are part of a larger church organization or diocese  ,  while in other groups  ,  each congregation is an independent organization  .
avalanche sweeps down everest ,  killing at least 12 .
morgan tsvangirai ,  zimbabwean pro-democracy leader who opposed mugabe ,  dies at 65 .
this is when plants use sunlight to change carbon dioxide into oxygen .
the specific name julibrissin is a corruption of farsi gul-i abrisham ( گل ابریشم ) meaning silktree  ,  by its flowers ( `` gul  گل is `` flower  and `` abrisham  ابریشم means `` silk  )  .
he graduated from tenafly high school in tenafly  ,  new jersey in 1968  ,  and then studied at harvard university where he received his a . b .  and ph . d .   .
the statue sits in a square named after mandela
yasiel puig sued for $12 million .
apple strikes deal with china mobile .
nationals officially announce 2016 coaching staff .
fred is 35 years old .  he is single .
suddenly ,  the tanker explodes .
the dogs feel like they are in a real car .  there is also a 3-metre dog bowl .
frspanish – http://es .
north korea launches ‘satellite , ’ sparks fears about long-range missile program .
in 2006 a kaiser s supermarket  ,  aldi and a media markt consumer electronics store occupied the former prison grounds  .
to improve as a dancer  ,  sought inspiration in the theater and found a new vocation  ,  was increasingly embarking on the path of dramatic art  ,  leaving the dance side  .
a show about a presidential impersonator is in the works at fox .
zach randolph wants to build a super team in memphis  .
in japanese cuisine  ,  chefs often use shellfish and their roe  .
kim jong un to send his sister to south korea as part of olympic delegation .
it is without a doubt that upon learning of this loss  ,  victor hugo dedicated his poem to michel  ,  viro major  .
on october 24  ,  2001  ,  fox family channel and fox family worldwide were sold to the walt disney company  .
on the afternoon of september 30  ,  laura had gotten enough tropical characteristics to be designated as a `` tropical storm   .
seeking a decisive victory over the allied fleet  ,  the persian fleet attacked  ,  but were defeated at the battle of salamis in late 480 bc  .
terror watch lists have grown dramatically since 9/11 .
st .  anne s catholic secondary school is a catholic high school in clinton  ,  ontario  ,  canada  .
father dies just hours after holding son .
needham man arrested after allegedly grabbing tampa bay rays mascot .
it is in the kings cross district  ,  within the london borough of camden  ,  and on the border of the london borough of islington  .
it takes only 9 minutes to get back
american union policies made it difficult for him to record in europe  ,  while his left wing views made him increasingly unpopular with the state department and fbi  .
dadaab was created in 1992 after somalias civil war started .
in interview with prince harry ,  obama says leaders shouldn’t use social media to divide .
milk powder prices to increase from midnight .
new hand held ,  re-chargeable ozone monitor .
twitter just released the most popular tweets of 2015 ,  and half of them are by one direction .
in addition  ,  gibbon argued that christianity created a belief that a better life existed after death  ,  which fostered an indifference to the present among roman citizens  ,  and so sapped their desire to sacrifice for the empire  .
the big sioux river flows through the county  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
bernard herrmann ( june 29  ,  1911 - december 24  ,  1975 ) was an american composer known for writing music for movies  .
he is usually called lord berners  .
we should all pray on the national day of prayer .
it was released in cinemas on november 21  ,  2008 and grossed $ 35 . 7 million on this day  .
operation barbarossa ( german : unternehmen barbarossa  ,  named after federick i ) was the code name for the european axis s invasion of the soviet union during world war ii which began on 22 june 1941  .
the singles 1992-2003 is a greatest hits album by the american alternative rock band no doubt  .
they kill and eat snakes  ,  even highly venomous or large ones  .
federal agents ,  prosecutors to be trained on recognizing implicit bias .
he is 55 years old .  police ask him questions
trent williams returns from suspension for crucial game against the eagles .
he is playing games on it .  a teenager stands next to him .
the guttmacher institute estimated there were 2 , 200 intact dilation and extraction procedures in the u . s .  during 2000 - 0 . 17 % of the total number of abortions performed that year  .
leiopelmatidae  ,  or new zealand and north american primitive frogs  ,  is a family belonging to the suborder archaeobatrachia  .
recently ,  people send food ,  water and other supplies to yemen .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
this transportation is bad .  the giraffes are not safe .
this was taken over by the luftwaffe in 1935 and was called the fliegerhorst kaserne ( barracks )  .
the cargo bay had to be 17 feet ( 5 . 18 m ) wide  ,  13 . 5 feet ( 4 . 11 m ) high and 100 feet ( 30 . 5 m ) long  .
secretary kerry delivers remarks on syria .
the jungle is a 1906 novel written by journalist upton sinclair  .
another woman takes care of the baby wombat .  she keeps it in her bra .  this keeps the baby warm .
he then taught at the university of minnesota at minneapolis and later at indiana university  ,  where he was chair of the psychology department from 1946-1947  .
at the time of his death  ,  johnny appleseed left an estate of more than 1 , 200 acres of nurseries  ,  and he left these to his sister  .
the closing single quotation mark is identical or similar in form to the apostrophe  ,  and similar to the prime symbol  .
she says that you must care for a dog .  a centre like this can help you .
he can eat a few nails at once .
ethics opinion: d . c . ’s vincent b .  orange didn’t break rules by seeking chamber job .
it is a gravitationally interacting unit 650 million light years away ( z = 0 . 046 )  .
around 400 people watch them .  some of the people are the prisoners’ families .
some shoppers see the robbery happen .
the change took place on march 18  ,  the station s 50th anniversary  .
capitol heights man dies in motorcycle crash .
his mother was employed as a midwife to deliver emperor shenzong and afterwards she became the wet-nurse who look after and feed the emperor shenzong who was to start his reign in 1051 and continue until 1107  .
teen fatally stabbed in pr .  george’s; police arrest his mother’s boyfriend .
two men disguised as government officials followed her and the crew and asked for money and even showing a handgun  .
there are 21 workers at the bridge .  the bridge falls down .
in england ,  a pygmy hippo is born .  it is three weeks old .
orlando shooter’s father spotted at clinton rally .
the first colleges in new york state were established privately  ,  with some arising from local seminaries  .
one man measures high radiation .  he measures it at a children’s park .
muslim americans rally against trump travel ban one day after a judge blocked it .
the single is now nominated for best pop collaboration with vocals at the 52nd grammy awards  .
in this fascinating german museum on the kennedys ,  we can all be berliners .
attorney general says he favors bringing new detainees to guantanamo .
nationals pitching coach mccatty taken to hospital .
because the heart relaxes during diastole  ,  `` diastolic pressure  is the lowest pressure within the arterial blood stream during each heart beat  .
in a shift ,  the u . s .  was not among the world’s leaders in executions last year .
he is very weak ,  and he cannot move .
the siberian crane ( grus leucogeranus )  ,  also known as the siberian white crane or the snow crane  ,  is a critically endangered species of crane  .
this makes it one of the richest settlements in archaeological finds from all of central europe  .
hoverbikes hover – they move in the air ,  but only right above the ground .
at first ,  minaj wanted a fan to join her at a music show .
after not acting in one of the movies for six years  ,  fraser has now acted again in a new `` the mummy  movie called the mummy : tomb of the dragon emperor  .
the anal stage is the second stage in sigmund freud s psychosexual development theory  .
it became part of the national register of historic places in 1979  .
raffles institution was along bras basah road at first  ,  where raffles city is now  .
at a luxury high-rise in india ,  the maids are rioting .
s .
private service for sam berns to be held tuesday .
other big floods were in : 1891  ,  1916  ,  1951  ,  1956  ,  1961  ,  1974  ,  1976  ,  1993  ,  1998  .
the temperatures very often go down to minus 60 .
james harrison: the old timer who will come up big when the steelers face the broncos .
kirkpatrick sharpe later found another bishop to take his collection up to eleven  ,  all of which were later sold  .
fairfax firing of county lawyer for winning election was legal ,  appeals court rules .
though hōtō is a type of udon  ,  locals do not consider it to be an udon dish because the dough is prepared like dumplings rather than noodles  .
runway 14  ,  facing southeast  ,  has an instrument approach based on the vor\/dme located at the airport  .
it is a big lizard .  it is 14 years old .
vlc gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted dvds on linux by using the libdvdcss dvd library  .
explicit or ` declarative  memory refers to memories which can be consciously recalled such as facts and knowledge  .
prince harry had a cold nights sleep in a freezer .
the paris he went to london  ,  where he matured  ,  renouncing his diplomatic career  ,  his wealth and family  ,  to join the revolution and socialism  .
st .  michael s won their 4th memorial cup  ,  defeating edmonton 4 games to 2  .
each watch is a little different .  the first watch is about the russian empire .  the second is about the soviet union .
we have long been smarting ( hurting ) under the conceit of america - we are tired of hearing her boast that she is the freest and the most enlightened country that the world has ever seen  .
different sleeping patterns at weekends also cause more health problems .
it takes place at a stadium .  there are fans at the stadium .  they see that there is something wrong with the roof .
minnesota timberwolves coach flip saunders dies at 60 .
the site was inhabited the during the preclassic and classic periods  ,  from the 9th century bc through to at least the 10th century ad  .
a similar celebration happens in cities and towns all over mexico  ,  and in mexican embassies and consulates worldwide  ,  on the 15th or the 16th  .
bella thorne works the red carpet in monochrome dress .
we are dependent on this income .
volvo hopes to sell a million electrified cars by 2025 .
it is unusual because it has three tatami rooms .
after they have released their egg or sperm  ,  they die  .
the day began at 6:00 a . m .  with dynamic meditation  .
liu xia ( born 1959 )  ,  is a painter  ,  poet  ,  and photographer who resides in beijing  ,  china  .
aretha louise franklin ( born march 25  ,  1942 ) is an american soul and r&b singer  .
these birds feed on insects  ,  including those stirred up by cattle  .
in 1995  ,  daft punk began to record in the studio a song called da funk which became their first commercial success  .
president trump at the cia was appalling .
despite this  ,  the city was rebuilt after the war and was to some extent  ,  restored to its pre-war appearance including the reconstruction of some of its medieval buildings  .
most mafic lava volcanoes are oceanic volcanoes  ,  like hawaii  .
the prime minister steps down .  he also talks to the president of iceland .  he asks the president to end the parliament .
but the english were not prepared for the rapid response of the norman cavalry and were quickly defeated  .
in his lives of the artists  ,  giorgio vasari tells the story of how giotto was a shepherd boy  ,  a merry and intelligent child who was loved by all who knew him  .
maybe ,  he will go to prison or he will pay money .
on january 16 they reached the carts they had left behind them  ,  and 2 days later came to lake george  .
sonia gandhi returns to parliament .
the vortex is around 2 .
rubio’s d . c .  campaign headquarters evacuated for a time to investigate white powder .
250 flights delayed ,  33 cancelled .
the first orbital flight of the x-37b  ,  was launched on an atlas v rocket at cape canaveral air force station  ,  florida in april 2010  .
there were fire-bombings of mosques and muslim schools  .
in 1928 it merged with the halifax equitable building society and changed its name to the halifax building society  .
over the past decade  ,  she has introduced different styles to the ever-expanding turkish pop music scene  .
princess diana marries prince charles in 1981 .
will jeb bush win the republican nomination ?  .
they encoded these messages .
the 1990s saw the setting up of the no aircraft noise party  ,  although it did not win any seats in parliament  .
a bus is on fire in rome .
one thing which allowed the 727 to land on short runways was the design of its wings  .
born to welsh parents  ,  quant went to blackheath high school  ,  then studied illustration at goldsmiths college  .
at aipac ,  hillary clinton takes aim at trump’s dealmaking: ‘israel’s security is nonnegotiable’ .
in the northern part of the great barrier reef  ,  there are ribbon reefs and deltaic reefs  .
jahan s eldest daughter  ,  jahanara begum  ,  slowly brought him out of mourning and took the place of mumtaz at court  .
not only is diapause started by specific stimuli or conditions  ,  but once it is started  ,  only certain other stimuli are capable of bringing the organism out of diapause  .
in 1733  ,  the french built fort kaskaskia  .
man missing overnight found alive on ilkley moor .
everybody is running and panicking .
the lemon collective is hands-on .
it is important that the rhythms be re-set regularly to the natural light\/dark cycle  .
june tabor was born on december 31 1947 in warwick  ,  england  .
in contrast  ,  przewalski s horse has never been successfully domesticated  ,  and remains a truly wild animal today  .
the rostrum is comparatively short : it makes up less than two thirds of the total skull length  .
he performed there for seven years  .
three state crime victims’ rights amendments pass .
samuel adams ( september 27 ( os )  ,  1722-october 2  ,  1803 ) was an american leader  ,  politician  ,  writer  ,  and political philosopher  ,  and one of the founding fathers of the united states  .
shortly thereafter  ,  an inland tropical storm warning was given out for pearl river  ,  walthall  ,  and pike counties in mississippi and washington parish in louisiana  .
this happens in august .  it happens during a protest .
joseph kahn ,  the infamous director of taylor swift’s music videos ,  tells the ugly truth .
the tour had many guest appearances by musicians like fiona apple  ,  glen phillips  ,  jon brion  ,  bruce molsky  ,  béla fleck  ,  and tift merritt  .
adrian malik fenty ( born december 6  ,  1970 ) was the sixth  ,  and youngest mayor of the district of columbia  .
santa claus is also called father christmas .
the trip raises money for charity
he attended eton and cambridge university  ,  and was a frequent visitor to britain  .
power failure grounds flights at atlanta’s international airport .
‘vicious and brutal’: a second canadian man is beheaded by islamist militants in the philippines .
miley cyrus to host snl -- .
when a candidate fails to meet a number of community-accepted criteria  ,  sometimes everyone begins to give opposing comments  .
however  ,  he had to stop studying because of the world war i  ,  and instead taught at schools in voronezh and saratov  .
there are three rooms in his cell .  he even has a television and a computer .
u . s .  to retry blackwater guard for in 2007 baghdad traffic-circle massacre .
the man who made the internet is worried .
schumann said he was inspired by his liebesfrühling ( spring of love ) in the symphony s composition  .
standard time was first used by british railways on december 11  ,  1847  ,  when they switched from local mean time to greenwich mean time ( gmt )  .
gashimov was treated for a brain tumor in a hospital in heidelberg  ,  germany  ,  and died on the night of 11 january 2014  .
tasmanian women more likely to be victims of violence .
it was founded in 1955 by escaped ustaše war criminal vjekoslav luburić  ,  a chief guard of the jasenovac concentration camp  .
local digest: 3 wounded in shooting after falls church concert .
president trump’s claim that ‘thousands and thousands’ of ms-13 members are off the streets .
hubway to run through winter in cambridge .
the visual cortex is a part of the brain  .
after returning to korea  ,  she debuted as a singer on march 29  ,  2007  ,  as a member of kara along with park gyuri  ,  nicole and kim sunghee  .
it could fill 25 , 000 olympic swimming pools .
so far so good is a compilation album by bryan adams  ,  released by a&m records in november 1993  .
this accent is part of many modern languages that use latin  ,  cyrillic  ,  and greek alphabets  .
he says that britain and china have a good relationship
because of this  ,  variegated fritillaries have taxonomic links to the heliconians  .
chris culliver pleads not guilty .
to prepare for the university  ,  many international students attend german language courses at the university  .
the ndh army withdrew towards zagreb with german and cossak troops by early 1945  ,  and continued fighting for a week after the german surrender on may 9th  ,  1945  .
maryland man died due to the cold in november ,  officials say .
utah dad says he was ‘sucker-punched’ at walmart for taking 5-year-old daughter into men’s bathroom .
howard university ends group health plan for some retirees .
experts say that he is right .  his planet is 1 , 000 light years away .
these can travel 20 times the speed of sound .
it was the 13th named storm  ,  9th hurricane  ,  and 6th strong hurricane of the 2006 pacific hurricane season  .
a researcher said students who are addicted to the internet have more problems with their day-to-day life at home ,  at work or school .
a nurseryman named williams later acquired the variety  ,  and introducing it to the rest of england  ,  which is why the pear became known as the williams pear  .
the scalloped hammerhead ( sphyrna lewini ) is a species of hammerhead shark  .
human rights groups call for saudi arabia to be booted from u . n .  council .
jill zarin plans funeral for husband bobby .
they will vote in elections later this year .
at the 1976 olympics  ,  she walked around the podium to personally congratulate champion nadia comăneci  .
sundance film festival to stay in park city .
baldwin v  ,  supported by king robert ii of france  ,  his father-in-law  ,  was persuaded to make peace with his father in 1030  .
people write the new record into the guinness book of world records .
a new study explains why .
they see snow for the first time .
for this  ,  it applies both technical and human-centered disciplines such as control engineering  ,  industrial engineering  ,  organizational studies  ,  and project management  .
there will be fewer athletes for traditional events like weightlifting and wrestling .
they call them rats with wings .  one man wants to change people’s opinions .
though a peaceful people the kavirondo fight well  .
it’s sad to forget a friend .
thousands of people in zimbabwe want president robert mugabe to quit .
oleary worked as a prosecutor in new jersey and later worked for the consulting\/accounting firm of coopers & lybrand  .
it weighs 771 pounds (350 kg) .  its eyes are 13 inches (33 cm) across .  its arms are over one metre long .
5-magnitude earthquake .
the π-systems ability to rotate as the small molecule approaches is crucial in forming new bonds  .
manassas man arrested after drug deal ends in murder .
imran khan to address rallies .
in that year he received the grand cross of the légion dhonneur  .
d . c .  police searching for man who allegedly threatened to shoot officers .
joseph harmatz ,  holocaust ‘avenger’ who plotted reprisal against nazi pows ,  dies at 91 .
just one alcoholic drink a day increases risk of breast cancer ,  study says .
researchers recorded two bottlenose dolphins .
the wheel was known  ,  certainly for ox-drawn carts  ,  and late proto-indo european warfare may also have made use of horse-drawn chariots  .
there are 99 regular seats  ,  with 22 seats reserved for women and 3 seats for non-muslims  .
gop contender for va .  attorney general bows out of race .
here is some news from australia .
the exploration of neptune started on august 25  ,  1989  ,  when voyager 2 became the first and so-far only spacecraft to visit the planet  .
mozart s opera la clemenza di tito was also staged there for the first time in celebration of the coronation of emperor leopold ii  .
the male has a black patch on his hind wing ( the bottom wing )  .
the scientists study it for 7 years .  they have 500 samples of cow pee .
ej manuel has minor procedure performed on left knee .
their newest album reckless & relentless was released on april 5  ,  2011  .
half of millennials could be competing with robots for jobs .
charlotte is a female charles .
cannon street station is a central london railway terminus and london underground station complex in the city of london  ,  the financial district of london  .
gulfstream aerospace also has a completion\/service center at the airport  .
we do not know why there are so many .  this is a rare thing .
while the term `` sociobiology  can be traced to the 1940s  ,  the concept did not get recognition until 1975 with the publication of e . o .  wilson s book  ,  sociobiology  .
the presence of dromaeosaurs in the middle jurassic is shown by isolated fossil teeth  ,  though no dromaeosaurid body fossils have been found this early  .
it is a major breeding ground of harp seal and hooded seal  .
the washington post hosts nih’s dr .  francis collins for transformers: medicine .
so it is time to say goodbye .
during this time  ,  her agent want to her with the script for the first episode of the television show will & grace  .
a change to this law was considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son  .
it was named after the riverina region in which it is located  .
one man killed ,  another injured in vehicle crash in brandywine .
on april 27  ,  1992  ,  barry windham defeated austin in a two out of three falls match to win the wcw television championship  .
the norman border counts and count baldwin were too powerful for the king to fight  .
jay gruden’s lesson for the day: bad power rankings can be used as motivation .
his parents  ,  garvin and gwenda evans  ,  are welsh  .
mahree sees people of different races getting along  .
in the early 1990s  ,  france received criticism for its underground nuclear tests in french polynesia  .
voyager 2 studied neptune s atmosphere  ,  its rings  ,  its magnetosphere  ,  and its moons  .
the zoo is sorry for the incident .
they think that it might attack them
why is china afraid of drones ?  drones are small and cheap .  they are the perfect weapon for terrorists .
sir peter maxwell davies  ,  cbe ( b .  salford  ,  lancashire  ,  8 september 1934 )  ,  is an english composer and conductor  .
this news is from tijuana .
in the otogizoshi  ,  a collection of japanese prose written in the muromachi period  ,  tamamo-no-mae was a courtesan under the japanese emperor konoe  .
borussia mönchengladbach has over 40 , 000 members and is the sixth largest club in germany  .
tornadoes also appear regularly in southern canada during the northern hemisphere s summer season  .
before world war ii stopped them being made  ,  10 307s had been made for airlines  .
they fire the woman .  she is very upset .
three men injured after police pursuit of stolen vehicle ends in crash .
the first paved road in the united states was the former philadelphia and lancaster turnpike ( which makes up part of the present-day u . s .  route 30 )  .
the researchers want all schools to do outdoor learning more .
at the end of 2009  ,  he is invited in germany ( leipzig ) to meet with pionear from germaican records then invited by stylordz in toronto and new york for the anniversary of zulu nation  .
trump administration working toward renewed drilling in arctic national wildlife refuge .
the world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) world heavyweight championship is a professional wrestling world championship in wwe  .
the nazis deported the jews to concentration and extermination camps  .
who gets hurt in a shutdown ?  .
whats faster: .
katona won the 1999 u . s .  goldman environmental prize because she protected her country and culture against uranium mining  .
fedex truck stolen ,  led police on chase; .
during the period of december 5 through december 11  ,  1974  ,  the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for u thant on the grounds of the rusu and gave anti-government speeches  .
the report found that all of the people shot were unarmed  ,  and that the killings were `` unjustified   .
bemani s samba de amigo  ,  released in 1999 and on dreamcast in 2000  ,  featured maraca-shaped  ,  motion sensor controllers  .
the northern section contains the museum  ,  tennis courts  ,  machinery and work area  ,  managers s house  ,  and the children s playground designed as a victorian maze  .
in 1990 davies  ,  along with the other three original members of the kinks  ,  was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame  .
kunal ghosh writes to mamata banerjee .
eris was originally called xena  ,  after the main character of the television series xena : warrior princess  .
federal prosecutors won’t file charges in union station police shooting .
the stars are much farther away than was generally assumed in ancient times ; and the tiny amount of stellar parallax is only detectable with telescopes  .
the tune for `` god save the queen  was used in many countries as a national anthem  .
in the end ,  trump’s head explodes .
former presidents clinton and bush will join obama at dedication of african american museum .
the name dates back to the taxonomic name of the first species described by carolus linnaeus  ,  which he gave the name caecilia tentaculata  .
it has a free ,  three-month trial .
the giant s causeway is today owned and managed by the national trust  .
he walks on a tightrope .  he is a tightrope artist .
the national coat of arms of armenia consists of an eagle and a lion supporting a shield  .
in 1992 ,  a man kills his neighbour .  he becomes a prisoner .
ranking all of the patriots super bowl teams during the brady-belichick era .
patriots put jerod mayo on injured reserve .
cameron douglas welcomes baby girl after prison !  .
alan jackson to broadcast nashville concert .
missing: sunny ,  the red panda ,  from a zoo in virginia .
this caps glacial deposits and shows a sudden climatic change at the end of the marinoan ice age  .
the beatles recorded the rhythm track for this and polythene pam as one piece on 25 july 1969  .
murder trial of paralympian and olympian oscar pistorius continues .
the name elf has been kept as a brand of total  .
chicago teachers union votes to hold one-day strike on april 1 .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
teens are 1 .
she was the mother of king christian iv of denmark and anne of denmark  .
the orders are the acipenseriformes ( sturgeons and paddlefishes )  ,  and the polypteriformes ( reedfishes and bichirs )  .
a common property of many niger-congo languages is the use of a noun class system  .
as a young painter he was influenced by paul signac and georges seurat  .
an american family has a big cat .
so if you say to the adults ,  the little prince existed because he was nice ,  he laughed ,  and he wanted a sheep .
it was meant to be a replacement for the data encryption standard  .
the song is infamous for vocalist john lydon s phrasing of the word `` vacant   ,  emphasizing the last syllable making it sound like the vulgar word `` cunt   .
treasury secretary steve mnuchin buys $12 . 6 million washington home .
how the clinton team will go after donald trump .
the nha was involved in a lawsuit against the 228th battalion  ,  who had a team in the nha the year before  ,  and could or would not fold until that was finished  .
ten migrants try to cross the border to serbia .  this happens last year .
cheminformatics can also be applied to data analysis for the paper  ,  pulp and dye industries  .
not all countries like the idea .
a1 grand prix ( a1gp ) was a ` single make  open wheel car auto racing series  .
he is often called the `` father of modern chemistry   .
the slide starts at the 70th floor and goes down 15 metres .
she then went on to discuss the events that occoured during the release week of on the 6 in `` record release week   .
it is 6 metres tall .  it is a statue of nelson mandela .
below the sandstone is a layer of micaceous shale  ,  which weathers quite readily  .
i listened to the story about the businessman when i was drinking the last drop of my water .
child development refers to biological  ,  psychological and emotional changes that happen in humans between birth and the end of adolescence  ,  at which time the individual goes from dependence to independence  .
tips for buying or selling a house in the winter .
alberto di morra was born in benvenuo  ,  italy  .
he is buried in waltham st lawrence  ,  the same town where he was born  .
who drives electric cars ?  .
punjab government pursuing comprehensive policy on education .
no foul play in death of man found unresponsive on metro train .
`` hunted down   ,  soundgarden s first single  ,  is representative of the early `` grunge  sound - with its dirty guitar  ,  dissonant atmosphere and lyrics concerning entrapment and escape  .
you can move in the tunnel comfortably .  the police looks for the criminal .
this news is about cryotherapy .
the house of commons was established in 1867  ,  when the british north america act 1867 created the dominion of canada  ,  and was modelled on the british house of commons  .
the columns have three to eight sides  ,  six being most common  .
pages 45-47 in this book  ,  lorenz proposes that the best hope for mankind lies in our looking for mates based on the kindness of their hearts rather than good looks or wealth  .
president serzh sargsyans working visit to syunik marz .
the city provides the population with access to over 30 parks and trails along with running the senior center and many cultural events such as river rhythms and mondays at monteith  .
their first child together  ,  son amir  ,  was born in july 2007  .
state of the union guests to highlight sexual harassment ,  assault debate .
uganda accuses world bank of blackmail .
new u . s .  education law includes ban on abortion funding by school-based health centers .
lighting kills a man in poland
six years after its opening it was taken into public ownership  ,  and the tolls were lifted  .
the new rule will make things easier for staff .
the first known document reporting temperatures in this modern `` forward  celsius scale is the paper hortus upsaliensis dated 16 december 1745 that linnaeus wrote to a student of his  ,  samuel nauclér  .
it will take place in kiev  ,  ukraine on 30 november 2013  .
there were similar attacks in the united kingdom after the 7 july 2005 london bombings  .
he built the congregational church which is now saltaire united reformed church  ,  at his own expense in 1858-59  ,  and donated the land on which the wesleyan chapel was built  .
this new selection was supported by the ministry of land  ,  infrastructure  ,  transport and tourism  .
not all animals are happy .  some must live with people .
its relative minor is f minor and its parallel minor is a-flat minor  .
she lives in the street .  she is abandoned .
one in five scots worried about paying the rent or mortgage .
‘i’m good now’: aaron rodgers now has a bunch of screws in his broken collarbone .
new coach tom herman signs transitional class of recruits .
he thinks that it will help people .
a number of compression algorithms are permitted in zip files but in 2008 only deflate is widely used and supported  .
it is from this tradition that later stadtholders of the netherlands  ,  and the present-day royal family of the netherlands  ,  also hold the title  .
lucrezia s family was typical of the ruthless machiavellian politics and sexual corruption of the times  .
the helicopter tells the people to exit the water calmly
on envelopes and postcards there are often four square boxes printed in orange ink at the bottom right for the postcode numbers  .
it sets the mood of the piece  .
it severely affected barbara bush  ,  and it began to turn her hair from a light brown color to chalk-white  .
the rob kardashian-blac chyna saga ,  explained .
after going behind confederate lines and stealing the locomotive `` general  ,   they were captured and imprisoned  .
fed chair janet yellen says case for rate hike has ‘strengthened’ .
from 2005 to 2008  ,  lawless has had a recurring role in the television series battlestar galactica  .
phagocytes generally patrol the body searching for pathogens  ,  but are also able to react to a group of highly specialized molecular signals produced by other cells  ,  called cytokines  .
president of a national african american gun association chapter shoots from the hip .
they want to make it go away from him .  it does not help .
walter reed’s monstrous new parking garage is just the beginning .
debuts followed at the vienna staatsoper in 1999 as count almaviva in il barbiere di siviglia and at the new york metropolitan opera in 2002  ,  again as count almaviva  .
the name euroa comes from an aboriginal word meaning `` joyful   .
‘13 hours: the secret soldiers of benghazi’ makes for gripping action .
mtv named him the `` hottest mc in the game  in 2012  .
in 1639  ,  roger williams began a baptist church in providence  ,  rhode island and john clarke began a baptist church in newport  ,  rhode island  .
a village is electrified when 10 per cent of its buildings have power .
executions will happen this year: .
an american man wins .
today  ,  chemists make acetic acid by the cativa process  ,  a similar iridium-based process developed by bp chemicals ltd which is more economical and environmentally friendly  .
the académie française gave hasse an award called the diplôme de médaille argent in 1984  .
he died from complications of alzheimer s disease  .
he does this in the middle of the street .  someone takes a video of him doing this .
kahn’s final ‘hamlet’ at shakespeare theatre is off-key .
she opened with a triple lutz-triple toe loop  ,  but had problems with her spinning  .
this site has produced some of the best preserved trilobites ever found  ,  including enrolled specimens with soft body parts  .
man allegedly tried to choke partner after she woke him over text message .
christian heinrich friedrich peters ( september 19  ,  1813-july 18  ,  1890 ) was a german-american astronomer  ,  and one of the first to find asteroids  .
sir charles adermann was deputy leader of the country party 1964-66  .
brave leadership  ,  unwavering loyalty  ,  and clever schemes for the extortion of native villages for their captured chiefs  ,  became de soto s hallmark during the conquest of central america  .
the iveys changed their name to badfinger with the single release of `` come and get it  ,   a song written by paul mccartney  ,  which became a worldwide top ten hit  .
there are protests across the country .  thousands of people protest at the white house and capitol hill .
germanys leader said the full-face veil should be banned ,  where possible .
kelly oubre jr .  was showered with profane chants in boston .  and he embraced them .  .
the girl and her father want to go to england .
the norwegian labor party  ,  which had a majority of seats in the norwegian parliament made this change  .
containerization is a system of freight transport based on a range of steel containers ( `` shipping containers   ,  `` iso containers  etc .  )  .
people living at higher elevations have a higher rate of suicide  .
it is 3 .
there is nothing to slow down or stop dementia .
part of east-west highway in takoma park closed after water main break .
it reached number 2 in the us billboard hot 100  .
there is a centre in saint petersburg .
in 1968  ,  long and foster was founded by henry long and wesley foster  .
the chihuahua is a small dog .  it is small but it can be very brave .
one pair is for one person .
hickman was also named to the all-southern team in 1931 with teammate gene mcever  .
he died last week .  he was 88 .
top faculty committee at minnesota moves speech recommendations .
the bantu appear to have been the first  .
in october 2007  ,  she was elected for a two-year term as a director on the ngaanyatjarra  ,  pitjantjatjara and yankunytjatjara ( npy ) women s council  .
at the age of 18  ,  christian became king on 17 august 1596  .
in 1948 he went to switzerland  ,  where he spent the rest of his life  .
in time  ,  though  ,  her writing became an open secret among the aristocracy  .
the children were there when the bombs hit .
many people on social media are angry the woman got fined .
after this incident ,  people must not use the powder
the corinthian order is one of the three main classical orders ( styles ) of ancient greek and roman architecture  .
because the paranoid ministry thinks that dumbledore is building a wizard army to overthrow them  ,  umbridge decides not to teach students real defensive magic  .
argeo paul cellucci ( april 24  ,  1948 - june 8  ,  2013 ) was an american politician and diplomat who served as the 69th governor of massachusetts and u . s .  ambassador to canada  .
the system is alpha centauri .  it is 25 trillion miles away .  the spacecraft will travel there in 20 years .
a giraffe is born at a zoo in california .  he is born on january 8th .
third man dies after shooting at prince george’s county dice game in october .
death of a salesman is a 1949 tragedy play which was written by arthur miller  .
dolly is a sheep .  people clone her in 1996 .
bolt is going to retire next year
how sen .  lamar alexander slammed betsy devos’s confirmation hearing through his committee .
it is about 80 km south east of the state capital  ,  hobart  .
he\/she is a high-ranking veteran of the rainbow organization  ,  and is an instructor at the organization s training academy when the game first begins  .
donald trump reveals more details of his tax plan .
terrestrial species of mesocypris are known from humid forest soils of south africa  ,  australia  ,  new zealand and tasmania  .
after that  ,  students can prepare the commercial pilot licence or going to he course technicien aéronautique dexploitation ( in english  ,  aeronautical operations technician )  ,  training also accessible from two other recruitment  .
as of 2011  ,  clarence hill is the only bermudian to win an olympic medal  .
gold was found at forbes by harry stephens  ,  also known as `` german harry   ,  in june 1861  .
slim majority of northern virginians favor regionwide sales tax to fund metro .
the simple ,  brilliant plan to change macaroni and cheese that duped us all .
within the modern evolutionary synthesis school of thought  ,  macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution  .
benoit violier ,  eminent chef ,  found dead at 44 .
two of them are children .
the ancient hebrew tribes considered it to be the duty of the individual and family to avenge evil in god s name  .
the new classes will be for men only .
four days later  ,  arnold sent a ciphered letter with similar content into new york through the services of a prisoner-of-war s wife  .
the formal head of the isle of man government is the lieutenant governor  ,  representing hm queen elizabeth ii  ,  lord of mann  .
the nse has remained in the lead of modernization of india s capital and financial markets  ,  and its pioneering efforts include : nse also conducts online examination and awards certifications  ,  under its programs of nse s certification in financial markets ( ncfm )  .
he has a bad feeling about this .  he thinks that something is wrong .
state department removes a dozen emails from unclassified electronic archives .
harry dean stanton ,  actor who excelled at playing losers and eccentrics ,  dies at 91 .
diapers ,  tampons and pads closer to becoming tax-free in the district .
the new jersey marine sciences consortium called asbury park the sixth best beach in new jersey in the 2008 top 10 beaches contest  .
on september 11  ,  2001  ,  she was on flight 11 so that she could go back to los angeles and go on a vacation to hawaii with her sister  .
taarabt has point to prove .
it is an infectious disease that damages the lungs .
links to other websites in biographies of living persons must be of high quality and are judged by a higher standard than for other articles  .
md .  man killed after his motorcycle strikes a parked car .
daryl and glenn find randall  .
alligator found under escalator at ohare international airport .
it peaked in the top 10 in new zealand  ,  the uk  ,  denmark  ,  ireland  ,  israel  ,  finland  ,  italy  ,  greece and switzerland  .
the ranger uranium mine  ,  one of the biggest uranium mines in the world  ,  is inside the park  .
it was also the site of one of australia s biggest shipyards during the 20th century  .
nicola peltz ( born january 9  ,  1995 ) is an american actress  .
the ship broke up  ,  destroying the provisions and coal  .
the people from the rainforest take the bananas ,  but they are afraid
becoming a parent added 21 hours per week to a mothers work ,  mostly looking after her baby .
hillary clinton’s improbable path to clinching the nomination this weekend .
ancient britons were however involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of europe from the neolithic onwards  ,  especially in exporting tin  .
‘teen mom og’ star gary shirley wants more kids .
about 50 % of people will get better without treatment within a few days or weeks  .
both the wire rope hoist and chain hoist have been in common use since the 1800 s  .
jean robieux is responsible for the discovery of the principle of control of laser fusion in 1961 and the discovery of the principle of laser isotope separation  .
the deal will be good for shoppers and for companies .
aérospatiale and deutsche airbus each owned 36 . 5 % of the company  ,  hawker siddeley owned 20 % and fokker-vfw owned 7 %  .
it would be regarded as one of the movies that defined pickford s `` little girl  movies  .
piran ( the patron saint of cornwall ) was a christian evangelist who founded a church in the seventh century near the coast north of perranporth  .
bradley manning sentenced to 35 years in prison .
selfie sticks are now very popular .
at the age of seventeen hendrik left his father s house to become a tutor in antwerp  .
thomas meehan ,  tony-winning writer of ‘annie , ’ ‘the producers’ and ‘hairspray , ’ dies at 88 .
the district was created in 1975 by merging old districts of dinslaken  ,  moers and rees  ,  which were all created in 1816 when the area became part of prussia  .
these twelve trials are known as the `` subsequent nuremberg trials  or  ,  more formally  ,  as the `` trials of war criminals before the nuremberg military tribunals  ( nmt )  .
on 2 april 2006 it was alleged in the news of the world that johnson had had another extramarital affair  ,  this time with times higher education supplement journalist anna fazackerley  .
this includes the entire dna sequence of organisms and fine-scale genetic mapping  .
friar vicente de valverde  ,  who had earlier offered the bible to atahuallpa  ,  intervened again  ,  telling atahuallpa that if he agreed to convert to christianity he would convince the rest to commute the sentence  .
they have two rows of teeth in the upper jaw overlap one row on the lower jaw  .
shorthanded wizards fall to toronto raptors .
roads near white house reopen after suspicious vehicle is cleared .
iwao takamoto ( 29 april 1925 - 8 january 2007 ) was a japanese-american animator  ,  television producer  ,  and film director  .
hibari misora ( 美空ひばり  ,  misora hibari  ?
day-care owner hangs toddler ,  then takes minivan on rampage through minneapolis .
nudity among close family members in the home is sometimes permitted  ,  especially in the bedroom and bathroom  .
johnny manziel can’t help himself ,  signs fan’s $100 bill ‘money manziel’ .
most chimneys are vertical  ,  or almost vertical  ,  to make sure that the gases flow easily  ,  drawing air into the combustion in what is known as the stack  ,  or chimney  ,  effect  .
ghana remains a favourable investment destination -- .
probe the russia connection ?  the public won’t care .  .
cowbirds may penalize hosts which remove the cowbird egg : they often destroy the eggs or nestlings of those hosts  .
the reason she was going was to give the first foreign relief to the volga famine victims  .
the painting received first prize at the 1901 carnegie international exhibition  .
also ,  the meerkats have presents under a mini christmas tree .
people put the body in the grand palace
israel has okd a bill to make mosques quieter .
on 1 february 1920  ,  the south african air force was created  .
the protestant reformation was introduced to themar on 5th of october 1544 by the count ernst von henneberg  .
curly howard ( october 22  ,  1903 - january 18  ,  1952 ) was an american comedian and actor  .
after leaving the ballets russes  ,  rubinstein formed her own dance company  .
bell was born in bloomington  ,  indiana  ,  united states  .
for example  ,  one can find the phrase hot spring defined as the water issuing from a hot spring is heated by geothermal heat  ,  i . e .   ,  heat from the earth s mantle  .
peter william sutcliffe ( born 2 june 1946 ) is a british serial killer known as the yorkshire ripper  .
national philharmonic chorale brings two hefty works to the stage .
the first episode aired on 13 january 2008 on bbc one and bbc hd  .
the students see it as a symbol of racist heritage .
why deutsche bank’s troubles should worry us .
he met the student harry t .  burleigh  ,  one of the earliest african-american composers  ,  who introduced him to traditional american spirituals  .
the most widely studied of the progeroid syndromes are werner syndrome ( ws ) and hutchinson-gilford progeria ( hgps )  ,  because they resemble natural aging  .
bruno also wrote extensive works on the art of memory  ,  a loosely organized group of mnemonic techniques and principles  .
jamaica is the third-largest island country in the greater antilles  .
d . c .  police say man shot by officer in northwest washington had raised gun .
the prize is for the `` best portrait painting preferentially of some man or woman distinguished in art  ,  letters  ,  science or politics   .
school counselor emma pillsbury ( jayma mays ) suggests they think about going to the york academy of the dramatic arts ( nyada )  .
the petrol station is in israel .  a man is at the petrol station .
there are also a number of deities from celtic gaul and britain associated with the bear  .
india was not affected by the imperial order-in-council of 1825 that attempted to introduce the british sterling coinage to the british colonies  .
they sit on them .  they relax ,  talk and read on them
aang appears in other media  ,  like trading cards ( a card that is collected )  ,  video games  ,  t-shirts  ,  and web comics  .
today all the buildings are restored to their former state  .
benson s design was chosen over 700 other submissions from school-children in grades 7-12  .
sean penn - sean penn traded an autograph for cigarettes .
he was made a prince of the united kingdom in 1957  .
rapper g-eazy says hes bringing a broom to game 4 of the nba finals .
mozart wrote two piano concertos in a minor key  ,  and one of them is in c minor  ,  no .  24  ,  k .  491  .
the washington state legislature created the washington state toll bridge authority and gave $ 5 , 000 to study the request by tacoma and pierce county for a bridge  .
the company toured while the theater was closed during the second world war  .
explosion at afghan funeral kills 17 .
for 2012 the airport has introduced new international holiday charter flights to europe as well as new regular ( on a timetable ) air links to the channel islands  .
on august 19  ,  1994  ,  cuckoo was added to the list of national register of historic places  .
local digest: man arrested after pregnant teen is stabbed in maryland .
as previously mentioned  ,  gabrielle s abilities become noticed by the god of war who seeks her out as his new protégée  .
he also retired with 316 losses  ,  the most in mlb history ( the only other pitcher with more than 300 career losses was pud galvin )  .
chasse was then replaced by longtime friend zach blair from only crime  .
he has reached the summit of aconcagua  ,  in argentina  ,  and kilimanjaro  ,  in tanzania  .
bush and his super pac are on the attack – but aiming at different targets .
he draws some pictures there .  the pictures are shocking .
redskins name is not a divisive issue .
miley cyrus and liam hemsworth call off engagement .
the pickford s museum that was set up in 1988 shows the housing of a late georgian professional person  .
woman fatally stabbed on new year’s day in maryland .
kim young-sam ,  south korea’s president in the 1990s ,  dies at 87 .
over the course time their landscape painting excursions  ,  in louveciennes and pontoise  ,  led to a working relationship between equals  .
online shopping is the process whereby consumers directly buy goods or services from a seller in real-time  ,  without an intermediary service  ,  over the internet  .
heliantheae is the most well known tribe of the sunflower family ( asteraceae )  .
his nomination was strongly supported by minister mentor lee kuan yew ( then holding the post of senior minister )  .
after that  ,  the couple started to teach leah sign language  ,  first with signing exact english ( see )  ,  then with american sign language ( asl )  ,  so that they could learn to communicate  ,  becoming good signers  .
lodi high school to host financial aid night .
5-year-old girl abducted ,  sexually assaulted in fairfax county .
police show a video of a man .
there are no children inside at the time .
elena brankov ,  15 ,  said it was to teach creativity and share ideas .
they take pictures of him .  two officers talk to the man .
by the end of 2010  ,  the rhythm market  ,  initially propped by game bundles with instrument controllers  ,  was considered `` well past its prime  and has shifted towards downloadable content and potential integration with motion control systems  .
bryan loren hudson ( born 1966 ) is an american singer-songwriter  .
on a player s turn  ,  a player can roll or hold : the first player to score 100 or more points wins  .
however ,  farmers said the loud bangs frightened their animals .
an example of a more modest innovation is the evolution of a fourth cusp in the mammalian tooth  .
murphy decided to help the rebels by using his plane to bomb the government-controlled town of naco  ,  sonora  .
she is going to have a girl .
fox news commentator accused of lying about cia work freed from jail .
the agreement soon fell apart  ,  and over the next several years  ,  ferdinand s great general gonzalo fernández de córdoba conquered naples from the french  ,  by 1504  .
china said north korea must keep its promises to stop nuclear testing .
manchester police release a video .  it shows two people .
they stayed underground .
goldman sachs pays $5 billion to settle allegations it sold shoddy mortgages .
a lot of people do not like these fights .  they want to show this .
he also writes that varus neglected to send out advance reconnaissance parties  .
as a pennsylvania representative  ,  clymer was  ,  along with only five others  ,  a signatory of both the declaration of independence and the u . s .  constitution  .
they use this capability to get information on the progress of the day deep inside a dark beehive  .
people see the man and panic .
mls to give sacramento groups time to come together for bid .
the album has a bonus dvd with a full concert recorded in chicago  ,  and a behind the scenes documentary  .
then i looked down at the bottom of the wall ,  and i was shocked .
they do everything else .
some of these players are real usb flash drives as well as music players ; others just play music  .
fiji is not safe .
they blamed gandhi for the partition of india  ,  which killed hundreds of thousands of people  .
argentinian pablito ruiz says luis miguel is bisexual .
it is in indonesia .  it moves from one island to another .
the commonwealth government was inaugurated on the morning of november 15  ,  1935  ,  in ceremonies held on the steps of the old congress building in manila  .
beyoncé giselle knowles-carter  ,  simply known as beyoncé ( \/ biˈjɒnseɪ \/ bee-yon-say ) ( born september 4  ,  1981 ) is an american recording artist  ,  and actress  .
it is named for matthew flinders  ,  the first man to sail right around australia  ,  and the person who gave australia her name  .
often thought of as primarily a director of comedies  ,  he also directed drama movies such as ; breakfast at tiffany s and days of wine and roses  .
young s lobby of the 1960 royal commission on the police overcame home office objections to a strengthened police inspectorate  ,  although sir charles cunningham blocked young s selection as inaugural first chief inspector of constabulary  .
on 1 october 1988  ,  strauß collapsed while hunting with the prince of thurn and taxis in the thurn and taxis forests  ,  east of regensburg  .
his rating of 2599 in january 2002 ranked 93rd in the world while he was still 14 years old  .
rick schu returning as nationals hitting coach .
many of the girls graduating from the school between 1804 and 1812  ,  when gråå was principal  ,  became famous in sweden  ,  and were called `` the girls of gråå   .
the government of uttar pradesh decided to incorporate the city of greater noida  .
bp solar has begun constructing a new solar photovoltaic ( pv ) solar cell manufacturing plant at its european headquarters in tres cantos  ,  madrid  .
breaking with his former beliefs  ,  the professor admits that any peasant woman could give birth to a genius and that eugenics are a waste of time  .
things will now change in asia .
it works very well
scarlett johansson returns to snl two years after spoofing superhero sexism .  has anything changed ?  .
2 teens charged in slaying of 20-year-old man found facedown in md .  creek .
takashi murakami credits the influence of kuniyoshi in his work  .
when nico tells victor that the team s rallying call is `` try not to die  .
people can turn on light and sound effects with the model
on october 23  ,  1925  ,  he changed changed his last name to ` von dem bach-zalewski `  .
the song was placed # 1 on daum s music video chart as well as hitting the highest search number on the famous korean search engine naver  .
there are almost no services to help them .
he graduated in 1983 with a bachelor s degree in history  .
rosenstein role in comey firing raises more questions than answers .
when idamante asks his father why he sends him away  ,  idomeneo can not tell him the truth  .
europeans came to the western desert of australia in the 1870s  .
adrien broner turns 24 today .
books that have won the award have best original sf paperback printed on their covers  .
william christopher ,  who played father mulcahy on tv’s ‘m . a . s . h .  , ’ dies at 84 .
the bread looked like pitta bread .
trump signs order on cybersecurity that holds agency heads accountable for network attacks .
former florida lawmaker found guilty of fraud .
arabic speaker is assaulted in rockville ,  montgomery police say .
this idea exists today within the level 4 and level 5 practices of the capability maturity model integration ( cmmi )  .
cadbury india to invest rs 10bn for opening largest manufacturing plant in india .
a mighty wind: what caused saturday night’s severe wind storm ?  .
he says this when he is shooting .
other advertisements posted on wikipedia can be dealt with by listing them on wikipedia : requests for deletion  .
many people want him to stay on the show .
google calls it pixel .
and i saw a very unusual little man who was looking at me very seriously .
stray bullet strikes a fan in the stands during the cardinals game in st .  louis .
gujarat technological university conducts examination .
he was perfect at it .
the 2011 japanese nuclear accidents have `` revived anti-nuclear passions worldwide  ,  putting governments on the defensive and undermining the nuclear power industry s recent renaissance   .
japans agricultural association tested the wolf .
whats really in your chicken nuggets ?  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
the boy is now getting better at home
cruz: ‘abusive culture’ in trump campaign led to campaign manager’s battery charge .
it is the first chinese plane .
the equation is equivalent with  .
for derek yee s romance-drama lost in time ( 2003 )  ,  cheung won the best actress award at the hong kong film awards  .
the movie had a lesbian kiss between gellar and co-star selma blair that won the `` best kiss  award at the 2000 mtv movie awards  .
it is part of the british overseas territory of saint helena  ,  ascension and tristan da cunha  ,  which also includes ascension island and the islands of tristan da cunha  .
by 10 october  ,  the 1st infantry division was in its planned position  ,  where it could join with the 30th infantry division  .
in the 2010 ifl united bowl  ,  the billings outlaws of the intense conference took the league championship by beating sioux falls storm of the united conference 43-34 in front of a sold out crowd in the billings sportsplex ( a training facility  ,  used by the outlaws after their arena suffered storm damage )  .
texas police officer fatally shot outside police station .
the pictures of the leopard are very special
belgian authorities arrest a third suspect in foiled terrorist attack on france .
the government of bermuda gave out a hurricane watch for the island on september 8  ,  which was followed by a tropical storm warning on september 9  .
troma films  ,  under their 50th st .  films banner  ,  produced a 1993 dub of the movie co-produced by jerry beck  .
it began to separate into laurasia and gondwana  ,  and the atlantic ocean formed  .
seasonal change in the angle of sunlight  ,  caused by the tilt of the earth s axis  ,  is the basic mechanism that results both in warmth of the weather and in length of the day  .
diplomats in vienna warn syrian rebel groups against violations of truce .
it was world refugee day on june the 20th .
trump’s truly absurd claim he would save $300 billion a year on prescription drugs .
he eats plants ,  turtle meat and fruit .
it keeps people out of trouble .
the total wild population of the snow leopard was estimated in 2008 as 4 , 510 to 7 , 350 individuals  .
belarus lost about a third of its population and more than half of its economic resources  .
eastern time zone ( et ) is the time zone for the eastern part of the americas including the united states  ,  canada and parts of south america and the caribbean  .
the actual author of the plan is alleged to be general and later president ayub khan  .
marc married former miss universe dayanara torres on may 9  ,  2000  .
scene 1 ( invention on a theme ) : in her room at night  ,  marie reads to herself from the bible  .
nine people die .  this happens in south carolina ,  usa .
however  ,  triapitsyn began rounding up all of his forces and deploying white army supporters  ,  the only force cooperating  ,  the small japanese garrison  .
vehicle windows shot out with bb or pellet gun on i-270 .
they do have legs but they are very small  .
it was named this because of its location at the bottom ( south end ) of lake winnebago  .
however when wearing the ` home strip  rangers will occasionally alter the shorts and socks  ,  sometimes replacing the black socks with white ones ; or replacing the white shorts and black socks combination with royal blue shorts and socks  .
suicides at anne arundel county jail in hit nine-year high .
it is longer than the hall .  it does not fit inside completely .
there he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1812  .
andrews county appoints first ever female commissioner .
a match between two players is made up of up to eleven rounds of boxing and chess sessions  ,  starting with a four-minute chess round followed by two minutes of boxing and so on  .
people with high blood pressure must change their lifestyle .
us ship: you must change your way .
the movie had a lot of positive reviews and earned over $ 21 million on its opening day  ,  and $ 62 . 7 million in the first weekend  .
paris gunman named as small-time criminal apparently inspired by islamic state .
former nepal king gyanendra shah leaves for india .
grace s beginnings go back to a mid-level ( which means it was in the middle of the atmosphere ) area of low pressure that formed on october 23 to the south of bermuda  .
while spc has been applied most frequently to controlling manufacturing lines  ,  it applies equally well to any process which has measurable factors  .
this is very special .  the plane is a boeing 787–9 .
although shocked by the scale of the revolt  ,  henry vii had not been idle  .
fred astaire  ,  born frederick austerlitz ( 10 may 1899 - 22 june 1987 )  ,  was an american dancer  ,  singer and actor  .
after a long time away from the soviet union  ,  stalin sent a telegram saying he was worried that eisenstein had become a deserter  .
her first published novel  ,  rose et blanche ( 1831 )  ,  was written in collaboration with jules sandeau  .
a bakery in england wants to help a children’s hospital .  it needs to earn money .
growth in u . s .  consumer borrowing slowed in december .
peter hall ,  director who championed shakespeare ,  modern stage classics ,  dies at 86 .
the herrings keep a certain distance from a moving scuba diver or cruising predator like a killer whale  ,  forming a vacuole which looks like a doughnut from a spotter plane  .
in 1949  ,  partisan review awarded george orwell # 357 for the year s most significant contribution to literature  ,  nineteen eighty-four  .
people who read for up to 3 .
the number of jobless 15-24-year-olds is very high .
in one story  ,  examiner reporter winifred black went into a san francisco hospital as a patient and discovered that the women there were treated with `` gross cruelty  .
there are norm mappings when  ,  and so an inverse system  .
príncipe rises in the south to 948 metres ( 3 , 110 ft ) at pico de príncipe  ,  in a part of the obo national park that is covered with trees  .
the band was first made up of three friends from high school  ,  mike shinoda  ,  brad delson and rob bourdon  .
hillary clinton shouldn’t drag colin powell into her email mess .
in december 2010  ,  murphy announced that the cast of glee would be replaced  .
they meet the british prime minister ,  too .  the president talks to politicians .
my mad fat diary is a british comedy-drama television series  .
it is served either chilled with a dipping sauce  ,  or in hot broth as a noodle soup  .
many bombs were dropped on germany in world war ii .
many ships sail through it .  the snow causes the strait to close .
three-cushion billiards is a very difficult game  .
dementia is a big problem .
whereas in may and june 2005 victory of the conservatives seemed highly likely  ,  with some polls giving them an absolute majority  ,  this changed shortly before the election at september 18  ,  2005  ,  especially after the conservatives introduced paul kirchhof as potential minister of the treasury  ,  and after a tv duel between merkel and schröder where many considered schröder to have performed better  .
the current `` state of the art  is something of a `` statement of ignorance   .
it did get support from some trade union officials and labor party branches  ,  particularly in western australia and tasmania  .
it is a very dark carbonaceous c-type  ,  and the fourth-biggest of these  .
business digest: philadelphia transit strike ends with deal .
during her years at nih  ,  novello worked on a masters of physical health degree from the johns hopkins school of hygiene and public health  .
asda brings click & collect to six london underground stations .
the swedish calendar is one day ahead of the julian and ten days behind the gregorian calendar  .
in april 2007  ,  director chris columbus was hired to helm the project  .
some are unexploded .
the nobel prize committee said : `` the cobe-project can also be regarded as the starting point for cosmology as a precision science  .
as the only son of louis dorléans  ,  duke of orléans and his wife johanna of baden-baden  .

harmonix later released more socially driven  ,  karaoke-themed music games in karaoke revolution and singstar ( 2003 and 2004 respectively )  .
they may not want to touch people with aids .
unlike judges in the united kingdom  ,  deemsters have no security of tenure  ,  and thus legal protection against dismissal by the government  .
they also wear swimsuits .  they show off like in other beauty contests .
daniel murphy deal official ,  press conference thursday; stephen drew deal announced .
dung beetles eat dung of herbivores and omnivores  ,  and prefer that produced by herbivores  .
the cards show mary and joseph ,  jesus and the three wise men .
a remake for the nintendo ds called diddy kong racing ds was released on february 5  ,  2007 in north america and on april 20  ,  2007 in europe  .
pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria  ,  fungi  ,  and viruses  .
ganghwa island is separated from gimpo on the mainland by a narrow channel  .
the most likely outcome of coalition talks was a so-called `` grand coalition  between the conservatives ( cdu\/csu ) and the social democrats ( spd )  ,  with the three smaller parties ( liberals  ,  greens and the left ) in the opposition  .
the bank said great britain will finish third .
the battle of cassel was fought on 22 february 1071 between robert the frisian and his nephew  ,  arnulf iii ( son of baldwin vi  ,  count of flanders )  .
a plane takes off at almost 90 degrees .  this is very special .
danville ,  va .  ,  takes pride in its place in history as ‘last confederate capitol’ .
albino skin sometimes happens in animals and in humans .  people see it in mammals ,  birds and reptiles .
the local flora also includes several species of vaccinium  ,  including the cannock chase berry ( vaccinium × intermedium ruthe )  .
a competition takes place in england .
man accused of rape found not guilty .
molecules are the smallest things in our body and in everything around us .
they do things like climb trees .
in burmese he was known as pantanaw u thant  .
the company will then do better .
it added that this excitement usually only happens with star wars movies .
individuals with ps-related disorders often have a reduced lifespan  .
the division was one of the original 75 divisions for australia s first federal election in 1901  .
this full moon is a supermoon and the cold moon .
it gets 50 centimetres long and 16 kilograms heavy .
the article about the us republican party candidate  ,  and former governor of alaska is at sarah palin palin is a hillstation town located in the kurung kumey district of arunachal pradesh  .
since then  ,  four more potoroos have been sent to start a breeding colony  .
this can happen only in special conditions .  it must be very cold ,  for example
people who live in a group home may be recovering drug addicts  ,  developmentally disabled  ,  abused or neglected youths  ,  and\/or young people with a criminal record  .
no ,  donald trump ,  beating hillary clinton will not be easy for you .
the woman is extremely lucky .  she sees no blood ,  but she feels pain .
using neurons in computers is called biotechnology .
senior d . c .  official who hid income from his consulting firm sentenced to probation .
two schools were on lockdown after a man robbed a bank in the wheaton area .
lea michele found out about monteith`s death through phone call .
he served there as a court painter before and after the english restoration  .
the training has 8 , 500 soldiers ,  900 military vehicles ,  50 warships and 200 warplanesl .
1 man killed ,  another wounded in district heights ,  md .  ,  shooting .
todays teens are less responsible than teenagers from the 70s ,  80s and 90s .
he was arrested shortly afterwards and charged with immigration violations  ,  and was deported from the united states in accordance with a plea bargain  .
stowe thought that god s will would be followed if each ( every ) person sincerely ( truly ) examined his principles and acted on ( followed ) them  .
france also conquered many overseas possessions in the americas  ,  africa and asia  .
the jefferson memorial  ,  the franklin delano roosevelt memorial  ,  the united states holocaust memorial museum  ,  and the bureau of engraving and printing are to the south  .
the county borders herefordshire  ,  shropshire  ,  staffordshire  ,  west midlands  ,  warwickshire  ,  and gloucestershire  .
how sarah huckabee sanders sees the world .
the first turing award was given in 1966 to alan perlis  ,  a teacher at carnegie mellon university  .
after isabella s death  ,  her kingdom went to her daughter joanna  .
california has a very bad drought .
qantas increases stake in jetstar japan .
it is owned by cengage learning ( through its gale subsidiary ) for newspapers  ,  magazines  ,  academic journals  ,  newswires  ,  trade magazines and encyclopedias in english  .
the color of the jubilee line on tube maps is gray  .
columbia journalism review: sprawling freelancer network pays dividends for the washington post .
the prime minister  ,  ahmed qurei  ,  resigned  ,  but at the request of president mahmoud abbas  ,  remained as interim prime minister until february 19  ,  when hamas leader ismail haniya formed the new government  .
maxillopoda is a diverse class of crustaceans which includes the barnacles  ,  copepods and a number of related animals  .
they hold a military parade every year
the civil rights movement was a series of worldwide political movements for equal rights  .
kcpq is one of five local seattle tv stations seen in canada on the bell tv and shaw direct satellite providers  .
johnny manziel might be benched after partying video surfaces .
in the german natural history museum of alexander koenig a salamander lived more than 50 years  .
the french government wants to stop pro-ana websites
wes welker signed by the rams .
jacka never fully recovered from the many wounds he got in the war and died at the age of 39  .
he is two months old .  the little wolf explores the world .
starting from jamsil arena in seoul in may 2006  ,  they had concerts in major korean cities like busan  ,  daegu  ,  junju  ,  and kwangju  .
the cathedral was constructed from the 13th to the 15th century  .
hartselle defeats athens .
in 1998 the technology area of the ministry of research and development was given to the ministry so that it was called federal ministry of economics and technology  .
with his school friend andrew ridgeley  .
in the last years of the stuart rule he went back to rome as part of an embassy to pope innocent xi  .
mckellen doesnt get tired of playing gandalf .
the site s summary review reads : `` man of steel provides exhilarating action and spectacle to overcome its detours into generic blockbuster territory  .
the song was inspired by the 1950 short story by ray bradbury  .
melania trump announces first staff pick ,  her chief of staff .
hugh hefner published nude photographs of mansfield on the movie set in the june 1963 issue of playboy  .
italy was a monarchy .  in 1946 ,  it became a republic .
a fictional universe usually has certain things in them that make them different from the real world  .
people produce the gas .  the bus can always have enough gas
there are bumps on the skin that look somewhat like insect bites  .
in 2009  ,  canada restricted the use of over-the-counter cough and cold medication in children six years old and younger due to concerns regarding risks and unproven benefits  .
trump officials cast uncertainty about u . s .  competing in south korea olympics .
they come and help the policeman
metrobus driver is slightly injured in stabbing on bus .
by the end of 1990  ,  although the magazine still supported new british bands  ,  the paper was dominated by american bands  ,  because that was what the music scene in general was about  .
john craighead ,  conservationist who championed yellowstone’s grizzlies ,  dies at 100 .
the weapons available  ,  the way the ai acts  ,  game tactics and ranking systems will depend on the weather  .
according to charles rosen  ,  the practice of beginning a recapitulation in the subdominant was `` rare at the time ( the sonata ) was written   .
astronomers have identified numerous stellar black hole candidates  ,  and have also found evidence of supermassive black holes at the center of every galaxy  .
talking about jordan  ,  wales said  ,  `` mr .  ryan ( sic ) was a friend  ,  and still is a friend  .
read trevor noah’s devastated monologue about philando castile dash-cam footage: ‘it broke me’ .
robinson was formerly a secretary for mail-order retailer spiegel and at a bank  .
they asked him to submit a demo for a workout video  .
linkedin access to be blocked in russia .
when he was on his bike ,  he shouted at cars .
dave mirra ,  champion x games biker ,  dies at 41 .
he loses and now he wants to resign .
israel to release 104 palestinian prisoners .
double-digit snowfall blankets the d . c .  region with more to come .
the album had guest appearances from his nickel creek bandmates as well as stuart duncan  ,  béla fleck  ,  edgar meyer  ,  jerry douglas  ,  and bryan sutton  .
cephalopods are the most intelligent invertebrates and have good senses and large brains  .
people are happy about the event .  it is a lot of fun .
the mines of paris ( in french carrières de paris - `` quarries of paris  ) are made up of a number of abandoned  ,  underground mines under paris  ,  france  ,  connected together by large chambers called galleries  .
it asked the bbc to let fans see the next top gear shows .
new york man arrested for assaulting bus driver ,  biting officers at metro station .
after a few live shows in europe  ,  opeth returned to work on their next album  ,  with porcupine tree s steven wilson producing  .
some people from the philippines set a new record .
it will be the highest-level talks since 1959 .
because he was a grandson of charles the bald  ,  holy roman emperor and king of west francia  ,  baldwin was eligible to be king  .
at least 50 houses in the community of el habillal  ,  were flooded by water levels of up to 1 m ( 3 . 3 ft )  .
a .  jerrold perenchio ,  sports promoter who led univision ,  dies at 86 .
chandler family worried about poisoned cats .
amanda holden ,  paul ogrady ,  jacqueline wilson and david gandy launch battersea dogs homes biggest ever appeal .
they hide under the ground at first .  they come up some time later .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
this is to lower pollution .
no humans will work there .
millions of people visit it every year .
all of the building work was done by kajima  .
there are also four female artists in the festival
there were three hotels in williamstown by 1841 and most of the men worked at the port  .
compounds on the surface include water ice  ,  carbon dioxide  ,  silicates  ,  and organics  .
the rocket has three boosters .
the metro said rules are rules .
the first movement is in sonata form  .
woman charged with human trafficking .
rules about health and safety have been made since 1950 when the international labor organization ( ilo ) and the world health organization ( who ) agreed about standards of health in the workplace  .
homeland security inspector general will review implementation of trump immigration ban .
the man from the bank is brave .  police thank him and give him £1 , 200
message to tony abbott: ``dont be afraid of democracy .
this limits the injection of holes from the base into the emitter region  ,  since the potential barrier in the valence band is higher than in the conduction band  .
instagram to start showing advertisements .
wells fargo rolls out card-free access at all of its atms .
the environmental downsides of genetically engineered crops .
mxit launches mobile messenger application in india .
they say that it is like a street festival .
youngstown is in an area of the united states that is often called the rust belt  .
how to get prescription for tamiflu .
the 100 questions that will define the nba in 2018 .
it has a row of yellowish-tan spots near the top of the body  .
it said: the vision is to make a plant that will [work] as a desk lamp…that you dont have to plug in .
members who were also trained as medical practitioners rushed to aid verwoerd and started giving cardiopulmonary resuscitation  .
for stm  ,  good resolution is 0 . 1 nm lateral resolution ( how accurately it can see features on the surface ) and 0 . 01 nm depth resolution ( how accurately it can see the height of bumps on the surface )  .
jazz trumpeter terence blanchard is all about ‘creating conversations’ .
grassley: two controversial federal bench nominees won’t be confirmed .
in the stanley cup finals  ,  it goes to the team with the better regular season record  .
surface tension is a property of the surface of a liquid that allows it to resist an external force  .
meanwhile  ,  aang awakens on a floating island  .
this news is from montreal ,  canada .
activist investor takes stake in advisory board .
rich deposits of oil and natural gas are found under the sea bottom and are being explored commercially  .
he will put it in a strong position .
he was killed in 21 june  ,  1992 in the tonashen village of martakert region of nagorno-karabakh  .
in march of 2001  ,  the city of sig  .
from pittsburgh he went to princeton university where he worked on his equilibrium theory  .
the average people in a household was 2 . 13 and the average family size was 2 . 71  .
it was made by chadsworth television as an english version of the french show fort boyard  .
gang leader shot at eight times .
this happens in yemen .  there is a big group of people .
the couple says yes .
everybody who works on the railroad has a day off from work  ,  apart from essential employees of the national railways of mexico  .
the girl and her father want to go to england .
in nubian settlements  ,  the people often do not put a roof over all of the rooms in their houses  .
later he become known for his attacks against angela merkel s government in the tabloid bild-zeitung which is generally considered conservative  .
historic alexandria church decides to remove plaques honoring washington ,  lee .
the number of attendance also included the winter classic at wrigley field which had 40 , 818 fans in attendance  .
seven things in donald trump’s new book you probably won’t hear at a rally .
shrimp ,  canned tuna and salmon topped list of 10 most popular seafoods .
about 550 of his violins exist now .
because of this  ,  gebhard was exiled for nine years  ,  but was allowed to return shortly before his death and was buried in admont  .
and  ,  in 1925 a small part of mcdowell county was made into a part of buncombe county  .
flat gravers are used for doing work on letters  ,  as well as most musical instrument engraving work  .
it was a performance of beethoven s symphony no .  9  ,  conducted by klemperer  .
the flower smells like old meat .
police charge man with sexually assaulting teenager at union station metro .
the school colors are green and gold  .
the terminal covers an area of 48 acres  .
it is the predecessor of the writing systems developed by the maya  ,  mixtec  ,  and aztec civilizations  .
we are a very big ship .
because his father was a chieftain  ,  temüjin was of a noble background  .
there are often powerful storms in vietnam .  there are floods in vietnam every year ,  too .
popular lines often have figures available exclusively through mail-in offers and comic conventions like comic con  ,  which raises their value significantly  .
the oregon commune collapsed in 1985 when rajneesh revealed that the commune leadership had committed a number of serious crimes  ,  including a 1984 bioterror attack ( food contamination ) on the citizens of the dalles  ,  oregon  .
archbishop eberard i of hilpolstein-biburg was allowed to reign in peace  ,  but his successor conrad ii of austria made the emperor s angry and died in 1168 in admont trying to hide from the emperor  .
smaller accidents like this happened in the past .
another student said: i came .
this event was said to be `` a war that determined the fate of taiwan in the four hundred years   .
virginia attorney general’s race grows heated ahead of debate .
tatyana is reading a novel  ,  but her mother  ,  madame larina  ,  tells her that real life is very different from what it is in books  .
the prophet s daughter fatima and son-in-law ali b .  abi talib were aqa ali shah s ancestors  .
simone wrote `` four women   ,  a song about four different stereotypes of african-american women  .
former d . c .  top prosecutor joins private law firm .
in spite of above all every one respects others belief and faith and celebrates others  festivals which makes a peaceful and prosperous society  .
principal died of natural causes: .
in california’s wine region ,  there are many fires .
the macedonian language ( македонски јазик ) is a member of the eastern group of south slavic languages  .
the last remaining players from the original six era  ,  ( carol vadnais  ,  serge savard  ,  and wayne cashman ) all retired after this season  .
at trial of former aides ,  ron paul says investigators have ‘victimized’ his family .
the malayalam language wikipedia has been available in the wikipedia . org domain since 21 december 2002  .
vishay intertechnology announces amended and restated $640 million credit facility .
this is a common process in plants especially those which exhibit polyploidy  .
eventually  ,  they became known as articles of agreement  ,  or the pirate s code  .
suzanne brady lets loose as damascus beats river hill in maryland 3a semifinal .
stressed out over trump’s election ?  most clinton supporters say yes .  .
this news is from a city in syria .  there are destroyed buildings in this city .
a big supermarket said it was working to make sure potatoes are in the shops .
paige winfield cunningham joins powerpost to anchor new health policy newsletter .
carmichael was born in boulder  ,  colorado  ,  united states on april 2  ,  1979  .
cell c offers unlimited calls .
father michael pfleger concluded the service with : `` the balconies of heaven are filled with angels singing ` thumbs up  .
she can move like a kangaroo .  she often plays with the other dogs .
horse meat and genitals hidden in juice boxes seized by dulles customs agents .
federal transit administration signs off on one project monday ,  but more than a dozen others await money .
it is in seven geographic regions : indo-malaya  ,  africa  ,  americas  ,  tundra trek  ,  australasia  ,  eurasia and the canadian domain  .
it was a very important part of the radical reformation and is still a very important document to many anabaptist groups today  ,  such as the amish  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
amid backlash ,  some black clergy defend ,  deny that they will endorse or meet with trump .
police shoot pit bull .
most are 0 . 2-6  . 0 mm ( 0 . 01-0  . 24 in ) long  ,  with a down-turned head  ,  and a carapace covering the thorax and abdomen  .
three people killed in clash between two groups in bannu .
jersey city man shot in stomach ,  police say .
in order to make a timely escape  ,  dulcamara tells nemorino the potion will not take effect until the next day  .
rand paul denounces ted nugent .
many of the dead are older people .
in the 1960s  ,  radziwill tried a career as an actress  .
floods hit the outskirts of athens ,  greece .  fifteen or more people die .
in many levels  ,  the water must be routed through other pipes or must interact with machines in order to open up a route to the inlet  .
many people walk up the pyramid of the sun .  they want to get its energy .
fifty days into 2016 and the weather verdict is: it’s cold ,  even for winter .
he spent 39 weeks in the top 10 of the official world golf rankings from 2004 to 2008  .
tom brady is trolling the broncos on facebook .
bowser quietly signs legislation allowing terminally ill patients to end their lives .
private equity mood is upbeat .
common names include umbrella tree  ,  octopus tree and amate  .
housekeeper eats pot brownie and ends up in hospital .
rupee opens at 61 . 63: .
it became a city on january 28  ,  1859  .
plasma is the most common state of matter in the universe  .
it was very serious .  i almost died .
d . c .  teachers say new school system policy could cause grade inflation .
he has a problem with his airway .  the doctors use 3d printing .
the structure allows repeating information using parent\/child relationships : each parent can have many children but each child only has one parent  .
norwood was signed to elektra records in 1995 and recorded his debut album everything you want the next year  .
straight pool is well known in the united states  ,  europe  ,  japan and the philippines  ,  but the game has become more obscure elsewhere  .
google maps was launched on the ios app store on december 13  ,  2012  .
anonymous says that there will be attacks on the islamic state .
clerides was born on 24 april 1919 in nicosia  ,  cyprus  .
jeanette has a dog .  his name is leon .
the band then performed wherever they could  ,  including weddings  ,  street corners  ,  fairs  ,  and quinceañeras  ,  at some places gaining a lot of appreciation  ,  while others not so much  .
galileo also developed a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the galilean moons  .
his father  ,  john hilton  ,  was the headmaster of chapel end school in walthamstow  .
several brush fires reported in washington area .
to the wardaman  ,  the coalsack is the head of a `` law man   .
a few other galaxies share the characteristics of hoag s object  ,  including the bright detached ring of stars  ,  but their centers are elongated or barred  ,  and they may exhibit some spiral structure while none match hoag s object in symmetry  ,  this handful of galaxies are known to some as hoag-type galaxies  .
it is a burger ,  but it is totally black .
in 1892  ,  the gilbert islands became a british protectorate with the ellice islands ( nowadays known as tuvalu )  ,  together called gilbert and ellice islands  .
he visits the american embassy in cuba .  he talks about the new situation .
the dancer may be naked  ,  topless or wearing a bikini top and bottom  ,  depending on the laws in the jurisdiction of the strip club and the club s policies  .
it was later re-published in large print in january of 2008  .
counting of postal votes commence; .
hillside avenue tunnel re-opened .
mark takai ,  hawaii democrat serving first term in congress ,  dies at 49 .
wimbledon finalist lisicki withdraws from brisbane international with stomach illness .
in 2007 the rose theatre was opened and the city started taking part in the communities in bloom competition as a part of their strategy  .
they are driving around 100 miles per hour (161 kilometres per hour) .
4 metres across .  it is not dangerous to big boats .
some older coins of saint helena ( before 1998 ) have the wirebird on its reverse  .
it was three feet wide (0 .
he went on hiatus for about three decades and then came back in 2001 after the september 11  ,  2001 attacks and issued his cd single `` infidel anthem   .
this experiment was published in 1985 in the medical journal of australia and is among the most cited articles from the journal  .
in 2002  ,  williams signed a contract to say he would work for the company emi  .
the billy tipton trio made two albums of jazz standards for tops  ,  sweet georgia brown and billy tipton plays hi-fi on piano  ,  in 1957  .
the son of a cobbler  ,  cave was born in newton near rugby  ,  warwickshire and attended the grammar school there  .
people give them food five times a day .
martin also performed his own material  ,  sometimes as an opening act for groups such as the nitty gritty dirt band and the carpenters  .
us ambassador to india resigns .
other historic places include the andersons mill  ,  balt camp  ,  pioneer sawmill  ,  and yankee mine  .
applied mechanics  ,  also known as theoretical and applied mechanics  ,  is a branch of the physical sciences and the practical application of mechanics  .
.
ej manuel ,  not tyrod taylor ,  to start at quarterback for bills vs .  bengals .
before the invention of electricity ,  it was necessary to keep an army of four hundred and sixty-two thousand ,  five hundred and eleven lamplighters .
gaussian elimination that creates a reduced row-echelon matrix result is sometimes called gauss-jordan elimination  .
in the developing world  ,  there may not be enough trained health workers or monetary resources to provide a basic level of medical care and disease prevention  .
after he left tunbridge wells  ,  he was loaned to blackheath f . c .   .
the spacecraft took pictures a hemisphere of the asteroid  ,  finding many big craters that have gouged out depressions in the surface  .
at wrestlemania xxviii  ,  sheamus defeated bryan in eighteen seconds to win his first world heavyweight championship  .
he wished to stop `` that barbarous ( mean ) treatment of animals  ,  the very sight of which renders ( makes ) the streets of our metropolis so distressing ( terrible ) to every feeling mind   .
how you can help the victims of the silver spring apartment explosion .
artem chigvintsev poses in his pants .
it had an unusually long tail  ,  possibly a counterbalance to the weight of the armored body  ,  and long arms that suggest it may have browsed on all fours  .
after the continental congress met one day  ,  they moved still farther away  ,  to york  ,  pennsylvania  .
she had several printing ads and commercials such as : `` mary kate and ashley online clothing   ,  `` every girl   ,  `` stand up   ,  and `` bratz-pretty n punk & treasures   .
one half of them burn coal ,  plastic and tyres .
this smiley probably inspired many later emoticons ; the most basic picture that shows this is in fact a small yellow smiley face  .
locke came with william of orange s wife back to england in 1688  .
she was seen performing as `` ada  in a sydney `` wild west show   ,  and then in adelaide under the names ada hennessey and kate ambrose  .
marciano was named fighter of the year by ring magazine three times  .
huts are found built in straight rows  .
police come and catch them
this essay is about working with other users  ,  and methods to cope with the stress of handling difficult situations  .
the plant galls develop after the female insect lays the eggs  .
d . c . ’s board of education candidates want to close disparities between schools .
kerala initiating steps to set up plastics park .
craig cameron mello ( born october 18  ,  1960 ) is an american biologist and professor of molecular medicine at the university of massachusetts medical school  .
us stocks ended mostly higher .
before he became a member of the bavarian parliament in 1974  ,  he was a lawyer and worked at the university of regensburg  .
russia to impose reciprocal sanctions against us and eu .
from 1988 to 1993 he was the bavarian minister of the interior and in may 1993  ,  the bavarian landtag ( parliament ) elected him as minister-president  .
biľak was  ,  from november 1968 until december 1988  ,  a secretary of úv ksč with important impact on the foreign policy of the party  .
fbi agent who interrogated saddam hussein leads airport case in florida .
one colombian said: finally ,  ill see my country without violence ,  with a future for my children .
the federal reserve may have made a huge mistake .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
a tourist is in south africa .  a tourist is in south africa .
in 1975  ,  he married christina m .  nielson  ,  but they divorced in 1981  .
sebi streamlines norms for stock brokers .
apple reportedly relaunching iphone 4 in india .
steph curry ,  north carolina pro sports teams weigh in on new lgbt law .
pancho segura ,  bowlegged tennis champion of the 1940s and ’50s ,  dies at 96 .
lamar smith  ,  the bill s sponsor  ,  said that :  `` some internet service providers currently retain these ( ip ) addresses for business purposes  .
these two stars are thought to be cooling and expanding on their way to becoming red giants  .
virginia tech can’t overcome bronson koenig ,  wisconsin .
mama june denies wearing fat suit .
one hundred firemen fight the fire .  they use many fire trucks .
ifpri measures the millennium development goals project and supports governments in the formulation and implementation of development strategies  .
after india got independence  ,  vyankatesh madgulkar returned home  .
this treaty is so significant that a reproduction hangs in the united nations headquarters  .
he worked with hundreds of mathematicians on problems in combinatorics  ,  graph theory  ,  number theory  ,  classical analysis  ,  approximation theory  ,  set theory  ,  and probability theory  .
an automated three-car  ,  cable-pulled tram takes passengers between the parking garage at the bottom of the hill and the museum at the top of the hill  .
all norwegians become millionaires .
dollar general opens in bradford .
police release identity of body found in susquehanna river .
classical concepts like `` particle  and `` wave  do not fully describe the behavior of quantum-scale objects  .
cease-fire goes into effect in syria .
the cat is a star .
the bionicle toyline drew to a close in late 2009  ,  after the 2010 sets were finalized for release  ,  and was replaced in the summer of 2010 by hero factory  ,  a lego theme that ´ s compatible with bionicle sets  .
the fossil assemblage of nearly 500 species  ,  from microscopic fern spores to large carnivorous dinosaurs  ,  justified it becoming a world heritage site in 1979  .
he went to the financial services office and shot and killed a woman through the window of a door she had locked  .
pal ,  pal express announce flight cancellations .
meier also designed three other buildings next to the north promontory and offset at a 22 . 5 degree angle from the main axis of the museum pavilions  .
trumps transition: who is john bolton ?  .
md .  senate president backing van hollen in tight u . s .  senate race .
in 1975  ,  she again played willie mosconi on cbs s challenge of the sexes  ,  playing in games of eight-ball and nine-ball  .
usually a jazz organ trio consists of a hammond organ player  ,  a drummer  ,  and either a jazz guitarist or a saxophone player  .
percy and annabeth decide to go also  ,  not just for the golden fleece  ,  but for their friend grover  ,  who is trapped in polyphemus s cave  .
an accident happens in china .  a truck suddenly changes direction .
his position as secretary of agriculture was never confirmed by the united states senate  .
mlb to honor the 50th anniversary of the march on washington during civil rights game weekend .
in 2007  ,  there were more than 26 . 6 million people throughout the world who were affected by ad  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
south east england is one of the nine official regions of england  .
businesses ,  schools close in a south struggling with bitter cold .
vitamin b12  ,  the cure for pernicious anemia  ,  was shown by crystallography by dorothy hodgkin to have a cobalt atom in a corrin macrocycle  .
they then put the trees in 27ºc heat .
twenty-six teams each played 48 games  ,  a shortened season  ,  due to a lockout of the players by the owners  .
a year after ascending ,  devos hails shrinking of the education department .
the teenager sees all of this .
pulitzer said his album was a masterly song collection about the modern african-american life .
chimpanzees love to share food .
by including the groups  ,  the show could be called variety rather than light entertainment by the bbc and was given a bigger budget than a sitcom  .
in games or contests  ,  swimmers will sometimes do underwater handstands on pool bottoms with legs and feet extended above the water  .
thomas woodrow wilson ( december 28  ,  1856 - february 3  ,  1924 ) was born in virginia and grew up in georgia  .
a man climbs onto the sydney opera house .
furby s first public appearance was at the international toy fair in 1998  .
more than 2 , 100 federal agency personnel had been sent out to help out with the cleanup from hurricane marilyn  .
from 1728 until 1737 he was duke of lorraine  ,  but lost lorraine when he had to give it to france  .
twitter reaches new record -- 143 , 199 tweets per second .
since 1992 ,  the us has tried to keep north korea free of nuclear weapons .
trump’s national security adviser shared secrets without permission ,  files show .
the sioux people have lived on the land for thousands of years .
it made many problems for hospitals in britain .
and one day he said to me ,  you should draw a beautiful picture which will show all this to the children .
records released 1 , 039 \/ smoothed out slappy hours  ,  an album that had 39\/smooth  ,  slappy  ,  and 1 , 000 hours eps in it  .
in north america a similarly traditional dish is split pea soup  .
the zombies dance to their favourite songs .  for example ,  they dance to michael jackson’s thriller ,  the ghostbusters theme and even gangnam style
the first remains were discovered in north carolina in the 1850s  ,  but it was not until 1909 that the genus was named and described  .
since apollo 4 had also tested the heat shield at a full speed re-entry  ,  a third unmanned flight was canceled  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
humas honeymoon photos went viral .
the police put 2 , 000 illegal weapons on the ground .
because ovulation is not always triggered  ,  females may not get pregnant by the first tom which mates with them  .
2 men stabbed while trying to help woman in northwest washington .
ex-pta treasurer in md .  pleads guilty to embezzlement .
from tashkurgan one traveled just over 70 km south to the junction of the minteke river  .
scott mitchell putesky ,  founding member of marilyn manson and the spooky kids ,  dies at 49 .
when spivey came back from vacation  ,  he and billington took hits of lsd  ,  which resulted in billington coming close to death twice in one day  ,  but he was revived with adrenaline shots by paramedics both times  .
however ,  a lot of syrian americans welcome president trump’s actions .
the goat must see a doctor ,  but it is ok .
he was the son of famous children s book author and illustrator taro yashima  .
daniel ricciardo faces internal battle with red bull teammate sebastian vettel .
blind people can wear it .  it vibrates when there is something in front of them .
when laying eggs  ,  some species go under the water to lay their eggs on a good surface  .
everything in it is 3d printed .
jacques ellul ( january 6  ,  1912 - may 19  ,  1994 ) was a french philosopher  ,  sociologist  ,  theologian  ,  and christian anarchist  .
this animal is 200 million years old .  it eats smaller animals .
the softer layer makes the glass more elastic  ,  so it can flex ( bend ) instead of shatter  .
the team was named avahy after the battle of avahy  ,  in the paraguayan war in the following year  ,  it became the first santa catarina state championship champion  .
as a result the planet s orbit was thought to be in the habitable zone and the planet was given the nickname `` goldilocks  ( not too cold or too hot )  .
he runs the mile in less than four minutes .  he breaks a world record .
for-profit college company devry education group replaces ceo .
the only long-haul flight in the top 20 was new york to london .
it offers special training .  the training takes 62 days .
the mayflower left plymouth  ,  england on 16 september 1620  .
during the program ,  i speak clearly and not very fast .
the boat moves .  the man falls into the water .
they target your ip .  an ip is a computers online id number .
current machines feed from a sealed cartridge which is normally a proprietary design  .
i know ,  says the man .  he is not happy but he gives the money to the policeman .
carl fredrik reutersward ,  sculptor of twisted gun barrel ,  dies at 81 .
she is hanging from the window .  she cries for help .
the prisoner must not feel pain .
the project went online on march 9  ,  2000  .
10 in-state players for illinois are its most since 2008 .
it works in a shopping centre in china .
third ,  you cannot keep people in jail unlawfully .  fourth ,  the university is like a jail for the chimps .
bruins scored his first professional goal in the season opening away match against cambuur leeuwarden ( 0-1 ) on august 12  ,  2005  .
baltimore activists file suit to void city election results .
desean jackson day-to-day with bruised knee .
district officials say two babies born at united medical center since obstetrics shutdown .
the nazi institutions that directed the ustaše s death camps were : the nazis encouraged the ustaše s anti-jewish and anti-roma actions and showed support for the anti-serb policy  .
the words of nakamura s citation explain : nakamura is the namesake of the william kenzo nakamura united states courthouse in seattle  .
at night he leaves max alone  ,  tied up in a room in the apartment of an old lady on vacation  .
the national portrait gallery announces winners of the outwin 2016 competition .
and the former city of tokyo ( 東京市  ,  tōkyō-shi  ?  )
justin bieber invests in new social network shots of me .
tropical storm delta formed out from an extratropical cyclone that slowly gained tropical characteristics  .
it was on a rock wall .
it is also near the very historical cities of seville and cádiz  .
the use of the dupatta has definitely undergone a metamorphosis over time  .
three nationwide strikes against the british empire in 1920  ,  1936 and 1938 began in yangon  .
impulse turbines change the velocity of a water jet  .
the press considered the painting `` discordant   .
max clifford: i am not into young girls .
for the first time ,  people spray the chemical on boots and a jacket .
he holds the records for both the first and second longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history  .
adenine ( a ) and thymine ( t ) can pair up because they make two hydrogen bonds  ,  and cytosine ( c ) and guanine ( g ) pair up to make three hydrogen bonds  .
theriodont jaws were more mammal-like than was the case of other therapsids  ,  because their dentary ( lower jaw ) was larger  ,  which gave them more efficient chewing  .
hackett goes retro hackett with his new mask .
over 30 per cent of people there are millionaires .
as president of the church  ,  monson is said to be a prophet  ,  seer  ,  and revelator of god s will  .
‘el chapo’ appears in a u . s .  court for the first time .
apple released the first power intel macs for tiger on january 10  ,  2006  .
the golden triangle is an unofficial name for a set of leading universities in the southern english cities of oxford  ,  cambridge and london  .
she is happy .  she says that she sees her brother
however  ,  he only stayed there a year  .
a camera films everything .
every afternoon in chinatown ,  women line up outside patricia handy place .
the first night of the gop convention was a c+ .
the term was first used by king charles i of england in 1639  .
these butterflies live in india and southeast asia .
the research could help people with the heat or cold ,  and the humidity if they go to other countries .
the electrical telegraph is a telegraph that uses electric signals  .
after remaining a tropical depression for the rest of the day  ,  the system strengthened into tropical storm julia early on september 13  .
the name of the company became - `` vacheron & constantin   .
doon has consistently been ranked among the best residential schools of india by media such as the times of india and outlook  .
the boy loves legos .  he gets very sick and dies
the mutiny on the bounty took place about 30 nautical miles ( 56 km ) from tofua  .
over 379 , 000 have escaped to bangladesh .
english was introduced to singapore by the british in 1819  ,  when the british established a port  ,  later a colony  ,  on the island  .
the usa and cuba may soon be friends .  the leaders of the two countries shook hands at a meeting .
its perihelion is at a quite similar longitude to those of vesta and ceres  ,  though its ascending and descending nodes are opposite the corresponding ones for those objects  .
monocytes and macrophages are phagocytes  ,  acting in general immunity  .
it is home to 200 orangutans .  the apes must go away .
it attacks president assad’s military bases for the first time .
kabyles have been very active to fight for the official recognition of the berber language in algeria  .
aston is in the eastern suburbs of melbourne  ,  including rowville  ,  scoresby  ,  knoxfield  ,  vermont and wantirna  .
petrouchka premiered in the theater on 13 june 1911  ,  and parade on 18 may 1917  .
the name pointillism is also given to a style of 20th-century music  .
it destroys many buildings .  it cracks roads .
in 2005 ,  it was just 100 , 000 .
there is a beach in ireland .  in 1984 ,  there is a storm .
pregnant serena williams’ fiance alexis ohanian to be mr .  mom ?  .
the dresden university of technology ( ( german : technische universität dresden ; tud ) is a university in dresden  ,  in germany  .
before releasing his debut album  ,  tank helped write songs for vic zhou and s . h .  e  ,  among many other famous c-pop artists  .
in the united states and parts of canada  ,  cider containing alcohol is called hard cider or alcoholic cider  ,  while cider or apple cider means less-sweet  ,  usually unfiltered  ,  apple juice  .
by that time  ,  tropical storm roger had become an extratropical cyclone  .
firefighters prepare for conditions as bad as it gets .
an area of 37 , 000 square metres is on fire .
more people are injured .
he tells his story .  he says that the rapper starts out poor .
how to quitclaim interest in an inherited home .
bonn was the choice of konrad adenauer  ,  a former cologne mayor and the first chancellor of west germany after world war ii  ,  who came from that area  .
ex-sec enforcement chief khuzami joins kirkland & ellis .
the most used service on the internet is the world wide web ( which is also called the `` web  )  .
the chronicles of narnia is a series of seven fantasy books  ,  written by british author c .  s .  lewis  .
what the lee window at the washington national cathedral could teach .
u . s .  court endorses colorado sales-tax law .
tomi lahren ,  conservative firebrand ,  bashes obamacare while benefiting from it .
veterans of world war i and world war ii were allowed to live there  .
tara did nt blow his mind out  ,  but it was in my mind when i was writing that verse  .
he believes the tale does not allow the child reader to gain emotional maturity  .
prosecutors inappropriately inquired about ex-congressman aaron schock’s sex life ,  defense attorneys say .
bryce harper will not participate in this year’s home run derby .
later  ,  the galileo orbiter completed taking pictures of amalthea s surface and a close flyby enabled it to constrain the moon s internal structure and composition  .
it teaches people about the digital age .  it teaches them about online safety .
just after peaking as a category 2 hurricane on the hurricane scale  ,  waldo made landfall southwest of culiacán  .
toad first appeared in super mario bros .  2  ,  where he was a playable character  .
bud collins ,  colorful hall of fame tennis commentator ,  dies at 86 .
one possible tornado in goulds  ,  florida left about 2 , 000 people without power  .
most parish councillors are elected to represent the entire parish  ,  though in parishes with larger populations or those that cover large areas  ,  the parish can be divided into wards  .
the project is called scan pyramids .  the project plans to map the pyramids .  people also want to find more secret rooms inside them
most users are women in their early 20s .
he is on a 70-metre crane .
5 kilometres per hour
ford hiring 800 more salaried workers in us .
the band and its membership went through a number of changes between 1968 and 1974  ,  achieving their definitive form when neil peart replaced original drummer john rutsey in july 1974  .
it is a primitive c-type asteroid  ,  which means the surface has lots of carbon ; giving it a dark surface that reflects only 4 % of the light that falls on it  .
maryland’s dion wiley has torn meniscus ,  will have surgery .
on windy days  ,  the elevators are slowed down to a 5 miles per hour ( 2 . 2 m\/s )  .
after a seventeen win season in 1924-25 where vézina recorded a goals against average of 1 . 81 to again lead the league  ,  the canadiens reached the stanley cup finals  .
in 1919  ,  a sephardic jewish entrepreneur named isaac carasso started a small yoghurt business in barcelona and named the business danone ( `` little daniel  ) after his son  .
other politicians said johnsons comments were islamophobic ,  racist and a hate crime .
on 25 november 1888  ,  she married william henry foster  ,  a blacksmith  ,  and lived in the town of forbes  .
in the 1560s  ,  francesco de  medici  ,  grand duke of florence  ,  was impressed with his talent  ,  so he took him to florence to study  .
the ss einsatzgruppen murdered civilians ; mostly jews  ,  in the countries occupied by germany during world war ii  .
for example  ,  these can be about government structure  ,  the treatment of minorities  ,  or the events that had received concern from the public or economic questions  .
dougie freedman looking forward to january window .
the chugach mountains in southcentral alaska are the farthest north of the mountain ranges that make up the pacific coast ranges of western north america  .
after fla .  shooting ,  schools tighten security ,  field threats and reassure parents .
they love the romance .
one man wants to take a selfie .  he stands next to the snake .
a website gave it a 97 per cent rating .
the total length of the rail network is 2 , 932 km ( 1 , 822 mi )  ,  with a 1 , 520 mm ( 4 ft 11 +7 ⁄ 8 in ) rail gauge which is electrified at 3 kv ( 3 , 000 v ) dc  .
daniel radcliffe reveals michael fassbender test for accepting movie roles .
israel successfully launches new spy satellite .
the middle of their bodies is the same .
it was first played throughout the meowingtons hax tour before it was released on february 17  ,  2012  .
this happens at a petrol station .  the petrol station is in israel .
cranes usually build their nests in marshy areas and lay two eggs at a time  .
it is called the loch ness monster .
gnu grub ( `` grub  for short ) is a boot loader package from the gnu project  .
nick miroff wins maria moors cabot prize .
due to isaac and the others bringing the power of the golden sun to weyard  ,  continents have changed  ,  new countries was set up  ,  and new species have appeared  .
dogs have very good noses .  they can smell cancer .
this makes very bad problems for them .  ex-players are suing the officials of american football .
mcfly is a british pop rock band who first became famous in 2004  .
the use of african slaves was very important to growing colonial cash crops  ,  which were exported to europe  .
first lady ann mccrory hosts easter egg hunt .
nocera inferiore  ,  is a town and comune in campania  ,  italy  ,  in the province of salerno  ,  at the foot of monte albino  ,  20 km east-south-east of naples by rail  ,  135 ft ( 41 m )  .
they said the sun sounds like a deep heartbeat .
john dowland ( born 1563 ; buried 20 february 1626 ) was an english composer and lutenist  .
volvo tests a new system .  it watches out for kangaroos .
it wants to stop companies hiding their telephone number .
taking over kishtwar meant that singh had now gained control of two of the roads which led into ladakh which allowed him to take control of that territory  .
the pit deposits were formed during the eocene epoch of the palaeogene period about 47 million years ago  .
she is best known for playing the part of amy pond in the british science fiction series  ,  doctor who  .
a company makes robots .  people call one robot spot .
this snake is known for being an invasive species  ,  responsible for killing the bird population on guam  .
he also served as cornell s interim president in 2005-2006  .
d . c .  police find poodle named diva that was taken during robbery in southeast washington .
adults are very strange ,  the little prince said to himself when he continued on his journey .
on june 2008  ,  cnet had stated that stage6 was one of the greatest defunct websites in history  .
the term passenger pigeon in english derives from the french word passager  ,  meaning to pass by  .
rss ,  bjp may have reached consensus .
maybe older mothers spend more time with their children and talk to them more .
it has also been known as cestracion leeuwenii in 1865  ,  zygaena erythraea in 1871  ,  cestracion oceanica in 1913  ,  and sphyrna diplana in 1941  .
greater tokyo includes land in the kantō region and also the izu islands and ogasawara islands  .
taylor swift has removed her new album from apple music .
insignia are especially used as an emblem of a specific or general authority  .
northern ireland has a strict abortion law .
some of these people are students .  the students run naked .
however  ,  lotso manages to pull woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the dumpster  .
obamacare individual mandate delay announced .
after many years of planning  ,  ravenscraig will be rebuilt by three equal companies : wilson bowden developments ltd  ,  scottish enterprise and corus and will be one of the largest regenerations in europe  ,  with 400 acres being developed  .
an unwanted puppy has a new home .
guards and inmates charged in widespread bribery and smuggling operation .
one man throws his plane 53 .  22 metres .
in the end ,  they save the kitten .
more than 200 people missing ,  four dead in northern colorado floods .
man dead ,  suspect in custody in northeast d . c .  shooting .
its first public service was held on november 27  ,  1955  .
stan huntsman ,  track coach who led u . s .  olympic team to gold in 1988 ,  dies at 84 .
the term `` dengue fever  was not commonly used until after 1828  .
the mother put a video of the angry woman on facebook .
top virginia hoops players to compete in dmvstream . com nova challenge .
people think that he is protesting something .  he is on the building for an hour .
scientists carry out a study .
a number of users have chosen to release their contributions under the creative commons attribution share-alike license ( known as `` cc-by-sa  )  ,  or some other license  ,  or even to release their contributions into the public domain  .
i am lonely ,  i am lonely ,  i am lonely ,  the echo answered .
appeals court strikes down north carolina’s voter-id law .
ernestine anderson ,  grammy-nominated jazz singer ,  dies at 87 .
the île-de-france west medical training and research faculty  ,  located at saint-quentin-en-yvelines  ,  is for the training of doctors and midwives  .
bryce harper ,  kris bryant receive keys to home town of las vegas .
the peacock is still used in the easter season in the east  .
15-year-old girl arrested for punching police officer at d . c .  high school , police say .
in the 19th century  ,  the boundary was set at the first abundant metazoan fossils  .
kellogg to close two plants ,  expand another .
john kenneth knaus ,  cia officer who aided in tibetan struggle ,  dies at 92 .
the olympic games in brazil begin .
euwe served as president of fide  ,  the world chess federation  ,  from 1970 to 1978  .
for 40 years ,  these guys have been pondering the civil war at a fairfax city mcdonald’s .
slash trick you can achieve a similar effect for subpages by adding a slash  .
for windows 95  ,  that year  .
he appeared again in super smash bros .   .
she was embarrassed because the little prince could see that she was ready to lie to him .
and ecw superstars began to appear on both shows as part of a ( kayfabe ) deal between ecw general manager armando estrada and smackdown general manager vickie guerrero  .
it is as long as a football pitch .  it is as tall as six double-decker buses .
the supermarket manager says hello with a smile .  then he gives him a brush .
wulff is succeeded as prime minister of lower saxony by david mcallister  .
this news is about monkeys .  it is about the smallest monkeys in the world .
the police show people the video .  they also tell people what the thief looks like .
there are 3 , 500 comments .
the basic critique was not new - rousseau s conception of the child as an active learner was already a step away from tabula rasa ( which is basically the same as the `` banking concept  )  .
griffen wins western bulldogs best and fairest .
‘ape in heels’: w . va .  mayor resigns amid controversy over racist comments about michelle obama .
but there was little she could do : other members chose to devote meetings to things that strong felt were less important  ,  such as plumbing in the schools  .
in 1984  ,  she met future husband spielberg while beating out 120 actresses for the female lead in indiana jones and the temple of doom  .
although ozai is subdued  ,  aang refuses to kill him ; instead  ,  he locks ozai down with earth  .
only the dark squares are used ( the light squares are never used )  .
sometimes  ,  the meeting of eyes arouses strong emotions  .
england wants plastic money ,  too .
we do not know if less stressed children have pet dogs ,  or if pet dogs make children less stressed .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
alphabet ,  not apple ,  is now the most valuable company in the world .
it is the largest church in the state of indiana and one of the largest churches in the united states  .
two drivers killed in head-on crash in southern maryland .
scores for new sat are out .  but how do they compare to the old one and the act ?  .
it is between south africa and south america .  only 265 people live there .
survivor : marquesas was the fourth season of the united states reality show survivor  .
during the 1960s  ,  shostakovich taught at the conservatory  ,  which made it even more famous  .
five years after a devastating tsunami ,  japan pauses to remember .
p562 a favorite example used today to study the interplay of adaptation and speciation is the evolution of cichlid fish in african lakes  .
the uk is in the european union .  some people want to leave the eu .
so  ,  air-equilibrated ocean water ( mildly alkaline with typical ph = 8 . 2 - 8 . 5 ) contains about 120 mg of bicarbonate per liter  .
people want to build the church again
it is not like a normal christmas tree .  it is in a square in paris .
she puts tape over his mouth .
actor frank pellegrino of ‘the sopranos’ dies at 72 .
one of the things that made her want to perform was watching videos of barney & friends when she was four years old  .
the purple frog  ,  nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis  ,  is a frog species in the family sooglossidae  .
house oversight chair asks for new investigation of deleted clinton emails .
there is an explosion .  it happens at a petrochemical plant .
in 1861  ,  morris founded a design firm in partnership with the artist edward burne-jones  ,  and the poet and artist dante gabriel rossetti  .
what became known as brown dwarfs were talked about in the 1960s  .
lots of snow fell in the big cities in the northeast us  ,  making it the biggest snowstorm of the snowy winter of 2002-2003  .
former radio presenter had deviant sexual obsession with young boys .
in 1949  ,  kim was assassinated by a korean soldier  ,  ahn doo-hee  .
pressed into first major league start ,  matt grace delivers for nationals .
the first recorded use of this greek word in christian theology was by theophilus of antioch in about 170  .
however  ,  it was then changed to `` life well shared  in january 2008  .
the latest: shulkin: va employees ‘the best in health care’ .
it is about 25-30 cm tall  ,  and is the largest north american cuckoo  .
the panathinaiko stadium hosted olympics in 1870 and 1875  .
however ,  he is not satisfied .
she is very happy .
many oppida grew from hill forts  ,  but not all of them had an important defensive role  .
in 1841  ,  he was made commandeur de la légion dhonneur  ,  the first time a musician had been given that title  .
drew storen is really excited about toronto and ,  apparently ,  drake .
they think that there are guns inside it .
starbucks said its cafes werent public bathrooms ,  but the new rule was good .
the report says that 93 countries are more peaceful and 68 are less peaceful .
louisvilles bridgewater takes out $10 million insurance policy .
there are currently eight species found  .
the train crashes into the end of the railway track .
she was a nightclub and lounge performer in her teenage years before becoming a radio comedian  .
a mother and her two daughters were murdered during a home invasion in cheshire  ,  connecticut  .
the general type of instruction is in the op ( operation ) field  .
anker joergensen ,  danish prime minister who oversaw era of crisis ,  dies at 93 .
in the origin darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution  ,  except for a sentence : `` light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history   .
the most important idea in the thesis was his explanation that neither pure salts nor pure water is a conductor  ,  but solutions of salts in water are  .
these areas of land were known as norþworþig and deoraby  ,  and were at the `` irongate  ( north ) side of derby  .
arijit singh ties the knot !  .
ben carson spent november on defense ,  illustrated in one word cloud .
many more people are injured
he is only confused

donkey kong barrel blast is a racing game where the player controls their character with the wii remote and nunchuk  .
it’s too heavy for you .
turkish prosecutors confirm conducting three investigations .
the taxi drivers say that uber is taking their jobs .  they say it takes 60% of their work .
alabama congressman’s unsupported claim that democrats rigged voting machines in his election .
by contrast  ,  outside rewards and stimuli are used in training animals by giving them treats when they perform a trick correctly  .
american airlines takes delivery of first airbus a319 .
they start when things in space hit each other .
it is in the american country style .
hailstones fall from the sky .
kenneth carr ,  navy admiral chaired nuclear regulatory commission .
the bear walks on its hind legs .  it walks like a human .
by 1950 only 112 people lived in kaskaskia  .
jack fuller ,  chicago tribune editor ,  publisher and president ,  dies at 69 .
they want to talk about the situation .
he also won at breslau ( wroclaw ) 1925  ,  and in moscow 1925  ,  ahead of a field which included emanuel lasker and josé raúl capablanca  .
the park initially opened in 1857  ,  enlarged to cover 843 acres ( 1 . 317 sq mi ; 3 . 41 km2 ) of city-owned land  .
a museum in chicago has a new exhibit .  it is a skeleton of a dinosaur .
as a compromise  ,  williams was occasionally credited as `` vanessa l .  williams  in acting credits  .
the u . s .  democratic party is one of the two biggest political parties in the united states  .
uk favours closer engagement with gujarat ,  modi .
in 2012  ,  he set a world record at the barcelona marathon  .
the tryout  ,  however  ,  was an act held mostly to make powerful boston city councilman isadore muchnick happy  .
there are twenty-four new refugees every minute .
dorothy s most famous book was the life and perambulation of a mouse  .
trump ,  clinton make final pitches to an anxious nation as moment of truth arrives .
the school disciplines the teachers .  it does not say what the discipline is
deutsche börse plans derivatives clearing house in asia .
he wanted to do for african music what johannes brahms had done for hungarian music and antonín dvořák for bohemian music  .
he is a specialist in far eastern military history  .
usda designates elmore county in idaho as a primary natural disaster area .
they come to the airport so people can pet them .
flynn’s lawyer shuts down communications with trump’s team ,  a sign he may be cooperating with mueller probe .
d . c .  police investigate anti-gay graffiti painted on dupont circle sidewalk .
pennsylvania governor corbett announces two new governors schools for summer 2014 .
in 1866 sisley began a relationship with eugénie lesouezec ( 1834-1898 ; also known as marie lescouezec )  .
i look around .
in 1830  ,  less than a decade after harunori s death  ,  the shogunate said that yonezawa was a paragon of a well-governed domain  .
she is in the top 100 best selling music artists with over 100 million albums sold worldwide  .
two tourists are on holiday in thailand .
afterward  ,  the title was removed from the active titles list on wwe s title histories web page to the defunct ( or retired ) championship list  .
for example  ,  floren was the band s assistant conductor throughout the whole time the show was broadcast  .
in june 2010  ,  he decided to sell his ranch in colorado  ,  for an amount of 27 . 5 million dollars  ,  as he was not spending time in it anymore and wanted to be closer to his family tommy mottola was the head of sony music entertainment until january 2003  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
hallyday is famous for 57 years .  he sells over 110 million records worldwide .
he received the medal of honor because of his actions in world war ii  .
with her first half-marathon hovering on defeat ,  two runners carried her to finish ‘together’ .
it had bony protrusions on its head  ,  back  ,  abdomen  ,  legs and along the tail  .
disruptive passenger forces jfk-bound american airlines flight to divert to wichita .
the washington post announces 2017 congress and federal government team .
he was born in vietnam .
the rose lights combine the western and the eastern cultures
allen west leaves pajamas media .
about 1300 species of this small creature ( 1-8 mm ) are known worldwide  ,  with about 360 species of 36 different genera in europe and some 800 species in north america  .
it is in the black sea .
charles county sheriff’s officer charged with possession of child pornography .
some people say that it is because of salmon farming .
between 2000-2009  ,  strong evidence for a stellar mass black hole was discovered in an m 49 cluster  .
he is 75 metres above the australian city .
korean americans ( korean : 한국계 미국인  ,  hanja : 韓國系美國人  ,  hangukgye migukin ) are americans of korean descent  .
the same as england  ,  town criers were the most important way to deliver news to the people of the town because many people could not read newspapers or write  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
trump’s attacks on her weight are a ‘bad dream’ for former miss universe .
in the lowlands  ,  these snakes are active during the raining  ,  summer months and some have been found crossing the roads at night  .
the plasma window was created at brookhaven national laboratory by ady hershcovitch  .
samsung galaxy tab designed for education purposes .
the members of the league instead asked him to sign a new constitution  .
a foodies’ tour of paterson ,  n . j .  ,  the city (sort of) founded by alexander hamilton .
karajan divorced anita in 1958  .
departing gop lawmakers warn that their party could lose majorities in 2018 .
the fire started near santa ysabel and quickly spread to ramona  ,  rancho bernardo  ,  poway and escondido  .
the tower  ,  similar to that of deutscher dom  ,  was simply built to give the gendarmenmarkt a symmetric design  .
they can become criminals if they do .  some women from ireland travel to england .
bullet makers often offer several weights and types for a given size  .
what john kelly got wrong about rep .  frederica wilson and the johnson family .
in the east is a heavily eroded sandstone mountain range  ,  which can be seen as sandstone outcrops such as those around gin s leap between baan baa and boggabri  .
the oldest remaining house in lexington is the homestead  ,  built by dr .  william rainey holt ( 1798-1868 )  ,  a physician born in alamance county  .
`` never gonna give you up  is a dance-pop song originally made by rick astley  .
nick cannon enrolls as a freshman at howard u .  .
scaphiopodidae is a family of american spadefoot toads  .
in january ,  one dollar was nearly 120 yen .
often the goal is to create an animal that has the altered gene  .
the dvd featured a two-hour performance  ,  including the entire damnation album  ,  as well as several songs from deliverance and blackwater park  ,  and a one-hour documentary about the recording of deliverance and damnation  .
standard mandarin is one of the six official languages at the united nations  .
there is a competition in england .  ten drivers take part in it .
khloe posted a photograph on instagram .
these letters have helped historians to find out more details about the life of jane austen  .
in moscow ,  russia ,  there are two new busts .  they are of past leaders from the soviet times .
after running it for nine years  ,  he sold his part of the newspaper to camilo letelier  .
locke was born on 29 august 1632  ,  in a cottage by the church in wrington  ,  somerset  ,  about twelve miles from bristol  .
minnesota coach jerry kill retiring immediately because of health reasons .
more kenyans adopt solar power every year than make connections to the country s electric grid  .
how a shrink ,  a direct-mail expert and a rabbi helped this woman get more holiday cards .
it is a life-size statue .
there is a donkey that is only 40 centimetres tall .  he is the smallest donkey in the world .  he cannot earn the world title yet .
george roger waters ( born 6 september 1943 is an english rock musician  .
the swim is around 2 , 700 kilometres long .  it will take him 100 days .
hamid mir shot in karachi .
2 suspects identified in sexual assault that was broadcast on facebook ,  chicago police say .
melting of remnant glacial ice capping the mt .  garibaldi area could produce floods  ,  lahars  ,  or debris flows that might endanger small communities including brackendale  .
the airport has service to destinations in the united states  ,  as well as canada  ,  the cape verde islands  ,  the caribbean  ,  europe  ,  and mexico  .
edgecast acquired by verizon .
edmund meets tumnus while being chained in the witch s dungeon  .
among other things  ,  however  ,  mismanagement within wcw ( such as allowing wrestlers themselves to book matches ) eventually led wcw to a downward spiral from which it never recovered  .
attention is paid to their length  ,  the position of the centromeres  ,  any differences between the sex chromosomes  ,  and any other physical characteristics  .
in many other countries  ,  the treasury is called the ministry of finance  .
many of bad religion s songs are about what they think are social problems  ,  but they do not blame causes of these problems to any single person or group  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
in modern birds  ,  the eggshell is hardened with calcium carbonate  ,  completely shielding the embryo from the outside environment  .
the child guides its behavior by using a kind of self-talk or `` thinking out loud  .
international space station is getting an important delivery .
minor planet designations are number-name combinations given by the minor planet center  ,  a part of the iau  .
we will also have problems with climate change .
the plane lands on the ground .
this $3 falafel sandwich is one of the best cheap meals in washington .
demi lovato is leaving ``the x-factor .
after barely fifteen months in office  ,  nerva died of natural causes  .
north korea says that it is a responsible nuclear state .  leaders of other countries are not happy about the bomb .
however  ,  the same patients performed at the same rate as healthy controls on implicit learning tests  .
he and koffka were subjects for wertheimer s studies  ,  which led them to conclusions about the inherent nature of vision  .
these two pieces remained the only pieces until steven omeara  ,  using the 9-inch harvard refractor  ,  reported that two additional pieces had formed on the morning of 18 march  .
the man takes thousands of steps in the suit .
continental plates have periodically collided and assembled in periods of orogeny ( mountain building ) to form supercontinents  .
she is a novelist  ,  conservative scholar  ,  and former talk-show host  .
around 50 people are injured .
cervantes always looked back onis conduct in the battle with pride : he believed that he had taken part in an event that would shape the course of european history  .
paul walker was an actor .
we will be on holiday for the next two weeks .
finally ,  he wants stronger laws against people being bad to women in the street .
ferdinand emmanuel edralin marcos ( september 11  ,  1917 - september 28  ,  1989 ) was president of the philippines from 1965 to 1986  .
the hangar was moved to the commonwealth flax mill  ,  and four bellman hangars and numerous `` p  - type hut buildings were erected  .
alastair cook desperate to stay on as england captain .
gnome and other window managers can be downloaded using apt  .
bell s violin is a 300-year-old stradivarius violin called the gibson ex huberman  ,  which was made in 1713  ,  a time when stradivarius was making his best instruments  .
scone s role came under threat as scotland s twelfth century kings gradually became more french and less gaelic  .
the music building of st hilda s college  ,  oxford is named after her  .
10 political moments from the 2016 bet honors that might make it into the broadcast .
it also tells the public to be careful and to listen to the police .
at the end of august  ,  one of the gang was taken prisoner by the police  .
much of the parish is up to 500 feet above sea level  ,  and the countryside is moorland with small fields enclosed by ` cornish hedges   .
the couples push the beds for two kilometres .  many people watch the race .
also of note is the american english dubbed version of ultraman tiga by 4kids entertainment that aired in 2002  .
people think that this is involuntary .  however ,  a university studies the dogs .
high-skilled indian workers rally for trump’s merit-based immigration plan .
caminito del rey was a walkway .  it was in spain .
he then made the return trip from los angeles to new york city in 27 hours and 19 minutes  ,  lowering the west to east record by 1 hour and 36 minutes  .
april bethea promoted to national homepage editor .
water and other volatiles can more easily and gradually escape from mafic lava  ,  so eruptions of volcanoes made of mafic lavas are less explosively violent than felsic lava eruptions  .
every muslim should visit mecca .  there is a place in mecca .
west palm beach is the county seat of palm beach county  .
it is 15 km long - a length usually only attained by basalt flows  ,  except that the ring creek flow is dacite  .
some people do not evacuate .  they are still afraid .
waters  dominance on the album is most clearly seen on the back cover  ,  which reads : the final cut : a requiem for the post-war dream - by roger waters  ,  performed by pink floyd  .
the washington post ,  university of massachusetts lowell to release major national poll on sports fandom .
tommy allsup ,  guitarist who backed buddy holly ,  kenny rogers and others ,  dies at 85 .
however ,  they show love in a special way .  the mother is happy for every day with her daughter .
incipio® reveals extensive case collection for motorola moto x .
the fire destroys the inside parts of the church .
mugham is music with poetry and instrumental interludes  .
it is very popular .  the sitcom shows the lives of six people .
clive and rose restall live with their 21 guinea pigs .
uncertain what had happened but not considering the matter particularly urgent  ,  the team at the los alamos scientific laboratory filed the data away for investigation  .
on december 29  ,  1911  ,  the bogd khan was declared ruler of an independent mongolia  .
e-stamping scheme inaugurated .
the new features coming soon to an iphone near you .
and if the planet is too small ,  and if there are many baobabs ,  they will tear the planet to pieces .
the four tezcatlipocas were the sons of ometecuhtli and omecihuatl  ,  lord and lady of the duality  ,  and were the creators of all the other gods  ,  as well as the world and man  .
this is a special case of supramolecular catalysis  .
budweiser was the usas most popular beer ,  but sales are down .
they leave the republican party .  they burn their republican party membership cards
missing fbi texts have been recovered ,  inspector general says .
later composers such as orlando de lassus were influenced by the italian madrigal  .
`` sexy and i know it  is a song by american duo lmfao  .
damage from ike is guessed at $ 31 . 5 billion ( 2008 usd )  ,  the third most damaging hurricane in u . s .  history  ,  behind katrina in 2005 and andrew in 1992  .
there is a show in the manchester museum .
the company name was taken from the last names of the founders  .
in 1983  ,  she became the first african-american woman crowned miss america  ,  but a scandal occured when penthouse bought and published nude photographs of her  .
they find a safe place and they are fine
he said: its fine to wash their hands… .
after some time of doing shows around their home town  ,  steve beckett of the dance-electronic label warp records found one of these records and decided to sign maxïmo park to his record label  .
the city is listed in the guinness book of records as having the longest pleasure beach in the world and  .
macri says governments must understand the role they play .
then it drives towards a market .  the terrorists leave the van .
name this newborn baby giraffe at maryland’s zoo .
she could have gone if she had won a medal at the world junior championships  ,  but that was the last year the world junior championships were held before nationals and nam did not go to those championships  .
at karnak  ,  she also restored the original precinct of mut  ,  an ancient goddess of egypt  ,  that had been damaged by the hyksos occupation  .
he is in shallow water .  he gets stuck on the beach .
hapoel tel aviv football club ( hebrew : מועדון כדורגל הפועל תל אביב ) is an israeli football club that based in tel aviv and created in 1926  .
the state library of victoria is the main library of the state of victoria  ,  australia  .
israel deploys iron dome system near jerusalem .
student achievement at the secondary level rose 14 points in reading and 17 points in math since 2007  ,  gains that are unprecedented in dc history and unparalleled nationwide  .
he received a law degree from the university of denver in 1972  .
the video cuts to knowles wearing a pink polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka dot wall  .
new york mets reliever jenrry mejia receives permanent ban from mlb for failed drug test .
the museum opened september 25  ,  1985 and was given royal status by queen elizabeth ii in 1990  .
when children are bad ,  their parents  can smack them .
in the past they had been classed with bacteria as prokaryotes ( or kingdom monera ) and named archaebacteria  ,  but this classification is a mistake  .
a week before the festival ,  it is not quiet in rio .  thousands of people go to the streets .
the lancia v6 in 1950 used a 60 ° angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft  ,  to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120 °  .
benjamin harrison ( august 20  ,  1833-march 13  ,  1901 ) was the 23rd president of the united states ( 1889-1893 )  .
to keep pace with wal-mart s recent expansion into the gas station business  ,  hy-vee has also added gas stations with convenience stores to some of its stores  .
uetersen ( ipa : ( ˈyːtɐzən ) ) is a small city in the district of pinneberg  ,  in schleswig-holstein  ,  germany  .
president trump has now fired 3 officials who were investigating his campaign or administration .
therefore  ,  probably there will be needed a `` green team  to enforce environmental behavior  ,  like today  ,  the peacekeeping forces ( blue berets )  .
scientists will use a special technique called edna sampling .
the district’s government is a costly laboratory for the left .
the associated press quoted a protester with `` people are joining together to say we ve had enough  .
letang to miss at least six weeks after having a stroke .
they cannot get back to the sea .  some people help them .
gandhi used satyagraha in the indian independence movement and also during his earlier struggle in south africa  .
cadets’ harrison blazes to a 55-meter title at dcsaa championships .
in the boarding schools  ,  dumas fils was constantly taunted by his classmates  .
the school was founded in 1793  ,  chartered as hamilton college in 1812  ,  and has been coeducational since 1978  ,  when it merged with kirkland college  .
they find £2 million in gold inside .  the man calls the police .
the diagram illustrates the encryption process  .
british people will soon choose to stay in or leave the european union (eu) .
the music video for the song was directed by matthew rolston  .
the bats must not be killed .
slowdive is an english dream pop band  .
the basin is on the canadian shield in the city of greater sudbury  ,  ontario  .
a blogger said chinese companies did not understand racism .
he won his first gp2 asia series race at sakhir  ,  having started from the pole position  .
his work is held in public collections across australia  ,  such as in the national gallery in canberra  ,  the art gallery of new south wales  ,  and the national gallery of victoria  .
traffic is busy .  he picks up the girl .
from 1819-1858 odessa was a free port ( porto franco )  .
rick riordan reveals cover for the staff of serapis .
other names for bogs include mire  ,  quagmire and muskeg  .
it is too good to be true .
normal service restored on three metro lines after earlier delays .
this is not good news .
the 24-hour clock is a way of telling the time in which the day runs from midnight to midnight and is divided into 24 hours  ,  numbered from 0 to 24  .
people are shocked by the tragedy
twofish uses the same feistel structure as the des  .
a quarter approve of senate majority leader mitch mcconnell .
it launched the mercury project space capsules and became the foundation for a family of successful space launch vehicles now built by united launch alliance  .
in the eastern orthodox church  ,  the term is used to refer to christian churches not belonging to the eastern orthodox communion  ,  but have no positions that are as different from those of orthodox christianity to thought to be as false as heresy  .
they start a campaign .  it is called the pussy cat riot .
it is the colima volcano .  people also call it the fire volcano .
monument will stay shut until at least wednesday ,  officials say .
trea turner adjusts as pitchers have adjusted to him .
this is good news for people who hate exercise .
these children do not know about school .
the impact scars were more easily seen than the great red spot and they stayed for many months  .
transportation secretary anthony foxx appoints special adviser for metro oversight .
arizona quarterback carson palmer’s struggles are not a result of an injury .
florida football player helps stop sexual assault .
how eric holder inspired a character in fox’s police-shooting drama ‘shots fired’ .
zookeepers said this would take too long .
lme aluminium to hover above support at $1 , 879 .
overijssel is made of three regions : kop van overijssel in the northwest  ,  salland in the center of the province  ,  and twente in the east  .
does the voting rights act need to be repaired ?  .
s . c .  woman escapes rape by biting off her attacker’s tongue .
open enrollment for school choice begins .
he died on august 9  ,  2012 in washington  ,  d . c .   ,  he was 78 years old  .
such molecules are placed in solution and allowed to crystallize over days  ,  weeks  ,  or months  .
homeland security secretary: we’ve made progress in fixing troubled program .
5-kilometre radius must evacuate .
only benedict and his sister hannah survived to adulthood ; his other brothers and sisters died of yellow fever in childhood  .
takamoto left disney in 1961 and joined hanna-barbera productions shortly afterwards  .
in `` the spirit world ( winter solstice  ,  part 1 )   ,  aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village because the people burned his home ( one forest )  .
‘confederate cleansing: lawmaker vows to stop ‘cultural terrorism’ in georgia .
basharacare . com launches in arabic .
diapers made from jellyfish ?  .
angela merkel calls for widespread ban on ‘full veil’ islamic coverings .
they spend much of their time on land where they also lay their eggs ( oviparous )  .
some of his most famous albums are art pepper meets the rhythm section  ,  the aladdin recordings ( three volumes )  ,  art pepper + eleven - modern jazz classics  ,  gettin  together  ,  and smack up  .
movie star agha ali said: i think it should have been done a long time ago .
they are in a museum now .
optimism running high throughout financial services sector .
mature kauri trees have large trunks  ,  forming a bole with little or no branching below the crown  .
the civil parish includes washaway and sladesbridge  .
dodd replaced alexander in 1945 and became the third head coach at georgia tech  .
bait ( an artificial fly ) is cast into the hunting area with a fly line and fly-fishing rod  .
in his own literary criticism  ,  james insisted that writers be allowed the greatest possible freedom in how they looked at the world  .
fleetwood mac announce tour with christine mcvie .
in 2001  ,  the ballet master pierre lacotte produced a revival of the full-length  ,  two act paquita for the paris opera ballet  .
hector canavery  ,  who had been congressman of the province of buenos aires and the lawyer camilo canavery  .
it is a sponsor of the canadian breast cancer foundation  .
you cannot watch it on tv
terrence mccoy named 2016 heywood broun award winner .
in april 2006  ,  the x-37 made its first free glide flight  .
also ,  it feels like a pouch to the baby .
people catch the assistant .
gold at forbes was first found in the area known as halpin s flat  .
they are from australia ,  bulgaria ,  india and malaysia .  they go to prison because of money laundering ,  drugs and illegal immigration .
mp julian smith welcomes freeze on fuel duty .
it can be found in jakarta and even mecca ; in mecca it is sold by indonesian workers during the hajj  .
the man is still alive .
national museum of women in the arts to host exhibition from rubell collection .
a new black guelph government was installed and messer cante dei gabrielli di gubbio was appointed podestà of florence  .
arianna huffington leaving the huffington post: it’s time .
two years after william carnan died  ,  john newbery married a woman named jordan mary  .
and later the university of chicago was founded in 1892  .
eaglehawk neck was lined with guards and guard dogs  ,  to prevent the escape of any convicts  .
two people die .  the protesters also block roads
he said it was important .
in april ,  staff told customers to leave a cafe or to not use the bathroom .
a man buys a tank on the internet .  he pays £30 , 000 .
umbrella contractors need mobile skills .
he studied music at tulane university in new orleans  ,  completing college with a degree in music  .
it has seven guinness world records in the guinness world records gamer s edition 2008  .
nerve agent was used to kill north korean leader’s half brother ,  police say .
he then changed his name to omar amin  .
visitors typically arrive at a tram station in the arrival plaza between the administrative buildings and the museum entrance  .
paul-louis arslanian is the former head of the french bureau denquêtes et danalyses pour la sécurité de laviation civile ( 1995-2009 )  .
lohan s parents are dina lohan and michael lohan  ,  both of whom are of irish and italian descent  .
the awards  ,  contested by movies submitted from taiwan  ,  hong kong  ,  mainland china and elsewhere  ,  are generally held to be the most prestigious for chinese language movies outside the people s republic of china  .
it is served with a sauce made with vinegar  ,  ketchup  ,  water  ,  salt  ,  pepper and other spices  .
the lesser roadrunner  ,  ( geococcyx velox ) lives in mexico and central america  .
the whales die .
how donald trump forgot about his promise to keep carrier jobs in the u . s .  .
italian warships had a general reputation as well-designed and good-looking  .
like most arthropods  ,  spiders lack balance sensors  ,  and rely on their eyes to tell them which way is up  .
his best known television series are csi : crime scene investigation  ,  csi : miami  ,  csi : ny  ,  without a trace  ,  cold case  ,  and the amazing race  .
one musician said it is important for french musicians and singers to make money .
it said apple is using technology to stop the fbi from finding out more about the killer .
the small blue arrows represent the different projects of the wikimedia foundation  .
the people want him to resign .  the people say bad things to the mayor .
alexander chancellor ,  editor who transformed spectator magazine ,  dies at 77 .
jesse jackson to speak at furman university .
the express bus station not far from sungai petani railway station  .
it enjoyed success in many other countries as well  ,  entering the australian aria album charts at number seven  ,  while debuting at number one on finland s official album chart  .
the average size of a prison cell is 50 per cent bigger than the size of the homes .
in october 2011  ,  the manifesto  ,  which replaced the italian wikipedia  ,  had been viewed approximately 19 million times  .
kimberly elise portrays helen mccarter  ,  a depressed woman living in atlanta with her husband charles ( steve harris )  .
the economic dilemma democrats face in 2016 .
dirt helps babies to fight illnesses .
proto-indo-european language ( pie ) is thought to be the ancestor of the indo-european languages  .
wizards will likely not have bradley beal against bucks tuesday .
he wants to stop illegal immigration .  he also wants to change the rules for lobbyists
no guns please ,  were starbucks .
the source of the siberian traps basalt was  ,  probably  ,  a mantle plume at the base of the crust which erupted through the siberian craton ( the oldest part of the siberian continental plate )  .
a professor said the sun was ,  a pretty cool thing .
until the mid-1800s  ,  it was mostly a farming community ; its name  ,  as well as that of the matterhorn itself  ,  derives from the alpine meadows  ,  or matten  ,  in the valley  .
seven palestinian militants killed as israel blows up tunnel from gaza .
,  and in what way  ?
there are tips on the website .  these tips can help you .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
this news is from mexico .
john kander to receive a signature theatre honor named for an illustrious peer .
u . s .  to expand refugee program for central american minors .
washington lobbying firms receive subpoenas as part of russia probe .
similarly  ,  a three dimensional quality is achieved by incising or etching about the outlines of certain figures  .
this is perhaps the reason .
they leave covered in mud .  people enjoy wrestling in mud ,  mud slides ,  and even a mud prison .
donald trump and alibaba founder to create ‘1 million’ u . s .  jobs ?  unlikely .  .
some native american tribes used antler wedges as a means of splitting and working wood to make canoes  ,  houses  ,  and other wood objects  .
u . s .  navy sends strike group toward korean peninsula .
in february 2001 boulis was murdered in his car  .
spearmen would deploy themselves in tightly packed rows to form a shield wall with their spears pointing forwards  .
it was not a spanish land anymore .  there are 19 light installations at the festival
not all flowers with multiple ovaries grow into aggregate fruit ; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit  .
in 1856  ,  he married marie-nelly monchablon and had five children  .
they put bombs in the blocks .
cecilia string quartet find harmony in disorder at stradivari anniversary concert .
john avildsen ,  oscar-winning director of ‘rocky’ and ‘the karate kid , ’ dies at 81 .
eurasian sparrowhawks look slightly different in different parts of their range  .
mercury is one of four inner planets in the solar system  ,  and has a rocky body like the earth  .
in arlington ,  average home value now tops $600 , 000 .
the grey squirrel is from north america .  the grey squirrel outcompetes the red squirrel .
howard coble ,  north carolina republican in u . s .  house ,  dies at 84 .
derby became a high profile town internationally in sport following the appointment of brian clough as manager of derby county f . c .  in 1967  .
the group first played in the summer of 1948 at the royal roost  .
the city of neustadt was a district-free city until 1972 and was then made part of the district  .
for molecules with two atoms  ,  a systematic study using a minimum basis set and the first calculation with a larger basis set were published by ransil and nesbet respectively in 1960  .
the hallé is an orchestra based in manchester  ,  england  .
currently  ,  there are five famitsū magazines : shūkan famitsū  ,  famitsū ps3 + psp  ,  famitsū xbox 360  ,  famitsū wii + ds  ,  and famitsū wave dvd  .
in 1888  ,  he married alison pettie  ,  daughter of the painter john pettie who had painted maccunn s portrait several times  .
the mothers voices changed in the same way ,  in any language .
a nine-year-old girl and two men die
she didnt know she would become icelands first lady .
beyond ‘orange is the new black’: the storied past of alderson federal women’s prison .
non-small cell lung cancer non-small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ) account for about 85 % to 90 % of lung cancer cases  .
there is a surveillance blimp .  it is connected to the ground .
the gondoliers ; or  ,  the king of barataria is an operetta in two acts by gilbert and sullivan  .
these are things like birthdays ,  weddings ,  favourite sports teams winning ,  and the birth of grandchildren .
one of the most common ways was to add an ever-increasing amount of cache memory on-chip  .
with 26 aerial victories he was america s most successful fighter ace in the war  .
hence an interstellar ship would be much more exposed to the hazards found in interplanetary travel  ,  including vacuum  ,  radiation  ,  weightlessness  ,  and micrometeoroids  .
president roberts sent military help  ,  and an alliance of marylanders and liberian militia troops stopped the local tribesmen  .
estranged husband gets two life sentences for fatally stabbing his wife in 2015 .
poyet: i can keep sunderland in the premier league .
its lava moves six miles to the pacific ocean .  the lava goes into the sea .
‘he started crying like a little baby’: 11-year-old brags about shooting suspected home invader .
one plate has the russian flag .  the other plate has the saudi flag .
in 1970 he took his first important job : associate conductor of the bbc scottish symphony orchestra  .
people should never give money to strangers online ,  even if that person tells a very sad story .
when wayne gretzky went to his first game at maple leaf gardens  ,  gary smith was one of the goalies in the game  .
the lord lieutenant  ,  the 5th earl spencer  ,  heard the victims screams from a ground floor window in the drawing room  .
rubisco is also the most abundant protein in leaves and the most abundant protein on earth  .
cincinnati bids to host a dozen ncaa championship events .
however ,  its creator says that it is very good .
house intelligence committee urges no pardon for edward snowden .
under pressure from hogan ,  baltimore county accelerates school air conditioning .
the consul was named ernst raven  ,  consul in the state of texas  .
d . c .  attorney general karl racine accepted $3 , 500 in donations that exceeded campaign limits .
people drank 7 .
that is 1 .  1 million square kilometres .  this is a historic moment .
‘star trek beyond’ actor anton yelchin dies at 27 .
spml infra receives new orders worth rs .  721 crores .
as a result  ,  the australian constitution has often been criticised for not protecting rights and freedoms  .
the playstation portable is the first handheld game console to use a disc as its media storage instead of a cartridge  .
he was under pressure of imminent revolution in berlin  ,  munich and elsewhere across germany  .
alice n chains disbanded and staley joined a funk band afterwards  .
in the center of the cave  ,  the minotaur challenges hercules  .
according to gibbon  ,  the roman empire succumbed to barbarian invasions because its citizens gradually loss their `` civic virtue   .
the most common variety has seven colors  ,  purple  ,  blue  ,  light blue  ,  green  ,  yellow  ,  orange and red  ,  and is emblazoned in bold with the italian word pace  ,  meaning `` peace   .
the group released their third mini-album  ,  titled 2009 : year of us  ,  on october 19  ,  5 months after the release of romeo  .
the road most travelled .  .  .  .
brasília was built in 41 months  ,  from 1956 to april 21  ,  1960  .
postal worker shot with airsoft gun while delivering mail .
the union cycliste internationale ( uci )  ,  the group that controls the sport of cycling  ,  has made rules to make cyclists ride cycles similar to merckx s bicycle  .
its name is the franciscan dolphin .
the word has traditionally been linked to the name of the legendary founder of the armenian nation  ,  haik  ,  which is also a popular armenian name  .
formula one leader bernie ecclestone wanted a race in the ussr  ,  but was not able to make a deal with moscow  .
there are three major mrt stations around orchard road  .
irda prescribes standard format for insurance policy .
they were a well-advanced in civilization  ,  living in large villages and towns  ,  in houses constructed with stone and mortar  .
céline was his grandmother s first name  .
the plane is a boeing 787–9 .  it is also called the dreamliner .
hillary clinton should use these criteria to choose a running mate .
get college papers for sale and resolve writing complicationsit’s really possible to purchase help ,  which improves the quality of your writing .
his play remember ronald ryan won the 1995 victorian premier s literary award  .
during qualifying for the 1997 race  ,  rain caused goodyear to use rain tyres on the sprint cup cars  .
around 85 million books were sold .  you can buy them in 37 languages .  the books are about discworld .
the pig weighs 46 kilograms .  many people can get to pet him
fifas sponsors are asking big questions .
metro ridership continues to plummet along with service .
jewish worship can be done alone or with less than ten people assembled together as well  .
many species are now considered endangered  ,  while others already are extinct  .
people come to watch .  they can watch the show every weekend evening until june 12th .  the show takes place in brooklyn ,  new york
it is minus 80 .
it ends on 19th march .
hybrid orbitals from each atom of the molecule  ,  or other molecular orbitals from groups of atoms can also be used  .
today  ,  the wide tyres are still the standard in sport & racing cars  .
former d . c .  mayor vincent gray to run for ward 7 council seat .
virgin atlantic to charge you for reserving your seat .
in 1984 the category bafta award for best screenplay was split into two awards  ,  this one and the bafta award for best adapted screenplay  .
in 2007 she became president of immagine&poesia ( image and poetry )  ,  the international artistic literary movement founded at teatro alfa  ,  torino  ,  italy  .
the orca’s name is tilikum .  in 2013 ,  people make a film .
he has an online shop .  you can buy body parts in the shop .
in november 1914 erich von zalewski asked to join the prussian army  ,  and was one of the youngest soldiers and remained a soldier fighting for the army until the end of world war i .  he was wounded twice  ,  and was given the cross of honor ( ehrenkreuz ) and then iron cross  .
all eyes are on rex tillerson .
while other copyright holders of other software systems used the gpl as their license  ,  fsf was the only organization to regularly assert its copyright interests on software licensed under the gpl until harald welte created gpl-violations  .
nfls letroy guion busted for drunk driving on his birthday .
goodall is a british primatologist  ,  ethologist  ,  anthropologist  ,  and un messenger of peace  .
in december 1941 montgomery was given command of south-eastern command overseeing the defense of kent  ,  sussex and surrey  .
the emigrants or immigrants who were born in japan are called issei ; and their children born in the new country are called nisei ( second generation )  .
metro’s next two safetrack surges shift the pain to red line riders .
delta cephei is emitting around 2 , 000 times the sun s luminosity  .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo docked their yachts just feet apart in ibiza .
on twitter ,  trump defends foundation ,  ignores legal controversy surrounding it .
a woman can work when she is young .  then she can have children later .
it was set up in 1992 and is named after sir james dickson  ,  a a supporter of australian federation  ,  premier of queensland and minister for defense in the first australian government  .
he starts to cut hair with them at his salon ,  too .  he uses a hammer ,  a razor ,  a knife and meat cleavers .
its north edge is to the wetar strait  ,  opposite the island of wetar ; it also borders the districts of lautém to the east  ,  viqueque to the south  ,  and manatuto to the west  .
these studies  ,  called the kitava study  ,  found that these people apparently did not suffer from stroke  ,  ischemic heart disease  ,  diabetes  ,  obesity or hypertension  .
australian deputy prime minister resigns following sex scandal .
if you use ad blockers ,  we don’t have any income from ads .
drew carey dating sex therapist  .
queen elizabeth ii often meets with presidents and prime ministers .
they moved several times before settling at 2 south william street for eighty years  ,  it is credited with being the first restaurant in america to allow patrons to order from a menu à la carte  ,  as opposed to table dhôte  .
he is fine now
fine gael wanted to revive the economy by controlling public spending and imposing cutbacks in order to reduce the public budget deficit  .
early voting in the district starts saturday .
justin randall timberlake ( born january 31  ,  1981 ) is an american pop musician and actor  .
the present building was complete by about 1400  ,  and has the longest uninterrupted vaulted ceiling in england  ,  and other notable features  .
it is good for people who cannot stop spending - people with no willpower .
d . c .  police investigate anti-semitic graffiti near chinatown metro .
no environment is neutral .
diy dentistry is popular there because many people are poor .
jure francetić became the leader of the black legion and earned the rank of colonel in the ustaša army  .
petty crime is common all over the country  .
people save it from slaughter .  it lives in an animal sanctuary .  it has a keeper there .
he was  ,  however  ,  unable to approach the mountain because his path was blocked by the lake  .
it is like steeping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home
carême was set a test by talleyrand : he had to create a whole year s worth of menus  ,  without repeating them  ,  and use only food that was in season  .
in addition  ,  the dynamic nature of supramolecular chemistry is utilized in many systems ( for example  ,  molecular mechanics )  ,  and cooling the system would slow these processes  .
united way reaches campaign goal .
27 million to build .  the gang’s plan was to steal $317 million
it is close to bangkok .  people get tattoos in this temple .
if cameron was inspired by every science fiction book he read when he was a kid  ,  the look of the na ` vi was inspired by a dream that cameron s mother had before he wrote avatar  .
in the `` anarchy  which ensued  ,  stephen was captured at lincoln in february  ,  1141  ,  and imprisoned at bristol  .
no wonder that young people start thinking about outsourcing their complex tasks to someone who is an expert in their field of study to save time and improve their performance in college .
percy soon learns that luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the labyrinth straight in to the heart of camp half-blood  .
new front-runner ben carson faces closer scrutiny of his life story .
he died in paris in 1815  .
they said the album shines a [new] light on hip-hop .
the savills countryside alliance point to point .
merrill lynch must pay $132 million .
they later find out that persephone requested the sword against hades s orders  .
he changed his surname to mabo when he was adopted by his mother s brother  ,  benny mabo  .
foals are a dance-punk band from oxford who play a mixture of indie  ,  techno and math-rock  .
but i’m more powerful than a king ,  said the snake .
the beatles recorded the song on 11 and 12 september 1963  .
it was also made of recycled material  ,  cotton waste from russia and phenol resins from the east german dye industry making the trabant the first car with a body made of recycled material  .
obama refuses to give ground .
the music at the first service was directed by arthur henry mann  ,  who was the organist from 1876 to 1929  .
gop leaders alarmed by trump’s ‘devastating’ fundraising start .
neck deep announce australian tour .
archaeologists found three 3 , 500-year-old mummies in egypt .
i was shaking and giggling like a kid .
only four of the shared players with the bbc chose to join the hallé in manchester  ,  so barbirolli auditioned many musicians  .
it is the biggest political party in serbia in terms of sitting members of parliament  ,  and in what respects the international arena  ,  the democratic party is a member of the socialist international and party of european socialists  .
she is 80 years old now .
bruce springsteen dedicates song to trayvon martin .
troina was one of the main parts of the etna line  .
emu  ,  bustard ( bush turkey )  ,  bush stone-curlew appear and mulga parrot  ,  major mitchell s cockatoo  ,  australian ringneck  ,  bourke s parrot and budgerigar are common  .
these alternations are caused by short-term climatic variations  ,  thought to be caused by milankovitch cycles  .
nasa said many people know what a great chance this is to be part of its space mission .
the bus can travel 186 miles (299 km) on one tank of gas .
they want the war to stop .  they want to be safe
when india became independent in 1947  ,  the city was incorporated into bombay state  .
nurse was awarded the royal society s copley medal in 2005  .
in those cases  ,  there was a cutoff of energetic electrons as cassini crossed into the moons  plasma shadows ( the regions where the moons themselves blocked the magnetospheric plasma from reaching cassini )  .
people are happy that he is there .  fidel castro does not speak at the party .  he later writes a letter .
failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails  .
he was music director and organist of the new chapel at princeton university between 1928 and 1935  .
arthus reactions have been infrequently reported after diphtheria and tetanus toxoid vaccinations  .
he was the member of parliament for the constituency of toronto-danforth from 2004 until his death  .
on most software platforms twofish is slightly slower than rijndael ( the chosen algorithm for advanced encryption standard ) for 128-bit keys  ,  but somewhat faster for 256-bit keys  .
high reaches of himachal experiences snowfall .
trump’s national security strategy isn’t much of a strategy at all .
donald trump: ‘i will get rid of gun-free zones on schools’ .
pineapples come from south america .
she leaves a message on the chair .
the third is for a 100-metre relay .
colombians will vote on the peace deal .
main article : open source record label the new century brings the phenomenon of open-source or open-content record label  .
russia carries out a military training .
the congo craton came between proto-gondwana and proto-laurasia about 600 milion years ago  .
real heat engines are often confused with the ideal engines or cycles they attempt to mimic  .
they break the washing machine and take him out .
justice department says it will end use of private prisons .
kalashnikov is not the first russian arms company to sell clothes .
read the statements of supreme court justices on antonin scalia’s death .
among other things it explains how the layout of books can be improved and how books are stored on wikipedia  .
an experienced writer reveals the secrets of topic selection .
people catch them .  there is also not enough water there
he died in exile in hawaii  .
the boss said he wants to connect the whole world .  he said facebook makes relationships stronger .
george zimmerman was suspended from twitter after doxing an alleged ex-girlfriend .
when she became pregnant with the chief editor s child in 1926  ,  he proposed marriage  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
geri halliwell admits flop single .
eu high representative makes statement after eastern partnership foreign ministers meeting .
other anti-clockwise circuits include istanbul park  ,  singapore s marina bay  ,  korean international circuit  ,  autódromo josé carlos pace  ,  and yas marina circuit  .
calgary and vancouver lead canadian housing market boom .
`` miss you  is a song by american singer aaliyah  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
child believed to be about 2 found wandering streets of lynwood .
chiwetel ejiofor reveals what he looks for in a role .
the mother is happy for every day with her daughter .
he got his ideas from the railway lines next to the site  ,  the london spires in the paintings of 18th-century venetian painter canaletto  ,  and the masts of sailing ships  .
tucker carlson blasts trumps negotiation skills on immigration .
terrorist activities in hinterland continue to remain a threat: .
grandmother arrested ,  calls 911 for beer .
ernst & young organises workshop on transfer pricing .
later in the night orton defeated triple h in a last man standing match to become a 2 time wwe champion in 1 night  .
however  ,  while discussions at ietf were stalled  ,  reuters head of collaboration services  ,  david gurle ( the founder of microsoft s real time communication and collaboration business )  ,  surprised everybody by signing the first inter-service provider connectivity agreement in september 2003  .
tropical depression eight made landfall in mexico and dissipated the next day over guatemala  .
roanoke news anchor ,  boyfriend of slain tv reporter ,  plans to run for va .  house .
two people ride on the elephant .  they cannot control the animal ,  but everybody is fine .
fiji and new zealand were going to be part of it but decided not to join the federation  .
older banyan trees have aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which  ,  with age  ,  can become indistinguishable from the main trunk  .
then it goes up and ends in in the air .  there are flags at the end of the pole .
some lines from the speech were from a speech made by michelle obama about barack obama .
monosaccharides are the building blocks of disaccharides like sucrose ( common sugar ) and polysaccharides ( such as cellulose and starch )  .
in september 2010  ,  bayne left diamond-waltrip racing and went to drive for roush-fenway racing  .
this changed with the opening of the royal tyrrell museum of palaeontology 100 kilometers upstream in midland provincial park  .
they expect a healthy baby .
there is an important partnership between honeyeaters and australian flowering plants  .
valletta announces new initiatives for supporters .
at tennessee  ,  he has winning streaks of 33  ,  28  ,  23  ,  19  ,  and 14 games  .
its main publication was zion s watch tower and herald of christ s presence  ,  a bible-based magazine first published in 1879 by russell  .
this is the process called natural selection  .
she enters  ,  asking him why he has chosen to join the army and leave the town  .
durham county is part of the regional triangle j council of governments  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
in april 2010  ,  radio astronomers at the jodrell bank observatory of the university of manchester reported an unknown object in m82  .
om  ,  beaten  ,  burned  ,  and half dead  ,  is hit by a car owned by rajesh kapoor ( javed sheikh )  ,  a well-known actor who is rushing his pregnant wife ( asawari joshi ) to a hospital  .
geoffrey ii  ,  called martel ( `` the hammer  )  ,  was a french nobleman who was the count of anjou from 1040 to 1060  .
obvs means obviously ,  and an asinico is an idiot or a fool
the call to prayer happens five times a day ,  from dawn to after sunset .
his parents met while at the brown university and were the first children in their families to go to college  .
cheteshwar pujara ranked 8th as good investment option in sports .
richard wellesley  ,  the governor general between 1797-1805  ,  helped in the growth of the city and its public architecture  .
they need a practice stage  ,  and jane and her housekeeper esme ( main ) reluctantly agree to let them use their barn  .
one day ,  for example ,  when she was speaking about her four thorns ,  she said to the little prince ,  i’m ready for tigers .
she would not be calm .
he produced many paintings  ,  illustrations  ,  advertisements  ,  and designs  .
adopted children accuse parents of kicking them out after winning ‘extreme makeover: home edition’ .
the company names it the xm42 .
normally gods were shown in profile  ,  but instead bes appeared in portrait  ,  and sometimes in a soldier s tunic  ,  so as to appear ready to launch an attack on any approaching evil  .
he loves his job
researcher mark changizi of rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york thinks optical illusions are due to a ` neural lag   .
these would combine in ever-more complex fashions until they formed droplets  .
he agrees  ,  singing one of the opera s most famous arias  ,  `` parto  ,  parto  .
obama’s afghanistan announcement inspires we-told-you-so from republicans .
alife supports more than one thousand characters living in the zone  .
wedges can also be used to lift heavy objects  ,  or finely adjust the height of objects  ,  essentially separating them from the surface they rest on  .
at 18  ,  dante met guido cavalcanti  ,  lapo gianni  ,  cino da pistoia  ,  and soon after brunetto latini ; together they became the leaders of dolce stil novo ( `` the sweet new style  )  .
major general john joseph murray dso & bar  ,  mc ( born 26 april 1892 in sydney  ,  new south wales  ,  australia  ,  died 8 september 1951 in sydney  ,  new south wales ) was an australian army officer and businessman with a special role in both world wars  .
the main steam is called mangal  ,  and its water is very important for farming  .
airbnb does not own any rooms .
in the picture  ,  the white keys have been colored to show how the keys are interconnected  .
the movie is called batman v superman .  it will be in cinemas in march 2016 .
honda to fill financial void at mclaren ?  .
dr gilbert said babies should get dirty .
montgomery and bradley both asked for delivery of supplies to their armies so they could continue to attack the germans  .
west potomac rallies to win the conference 7 title game over w . t .  woodson .
the gia adopted violent tactics in 1992 after the military government did not recognize the victory of the islamic salvation front in the first round of elections held in december 1991  .
it remains the most highly-rated  ,  profitable and long-running reality show on television in russia  .
the powder has powdered gelatin  ,  sugar  ,  and artificial sweeteners  .
protesters in iraq’s green zone do some sightseeing as they wait for reforms .
tyndale s translations were condemned by both church and state in england  ,  where it must be said it took longer for the reform movement to take hold  .
20am .
a tabbed interface allows users to access the norton protection center and the program settings without separate windows open  .
the fsf maintains a list of `` high priority projects  where the foundation says that `` there is a vital need to draw the free software community s attention   .
kenan thompson and wife christina evangeline expecting .
the larvae are parasitic on beetles  ,  cockroaches  ,  and orthoptera ( like grasshoppers and crickets )  .
rubble covers a baby girl .
this is caused by mutant genes which affect how the body makes hemoglobin  .
arthroleptidae is a family of frogs found in sub-saharan africa  .
he does not think of it is a man or a woman .
argentina was world champion in futsal for the visually impaired in 1998  .
in the isle of man  ,  and the channel islands  ,  the queen s bench division of the english high court can hear appeals about habeas corpus  .
pyelonephritis ( kidney infection ) is treated more aggressively than a simple bladder infection using either a longer course of oral antibiotics or intravenous antibiotics  .
dementia is when the brain no longer works because of illness or injury .
at liberty ball ,  president trump is the brightest star .
the triangulum galaxy is the third-largest member of the local group of galaxies  ,  which includes the milky way galaxy  ,  the andromeda galaxy and about 50 other smaller galaxies  .
rafflesia is a genus of flowering plants  .
the company said workers will work better if they sleep well .
torchwood is a british science fiction television program  .
in 1902  ,  bates was elected governor  ,  holding office from 1903 to 1905  .
in 1954  ,  the league introduced the 24-second shot clock  .
it can study drone delivery
however ,  he had no life jacket and nothing for navigation
at the merryland music fest ,  the vibe is all good .
eighteen clubs have played in the spl since it began in 1998  ,  but only two have won the title : the old firm of celtic and rangers both seven times  .
on 7 august 1859  ,  they had a son  ,  whom they named henry  .
he is a formula one driver .  he is in japan .
both double bonds in the central b ring are exocyclic with respect to rings a and c .
ben revere breaks right foot .
note : although the roman-alphabet spelling of the name of this 13th-century emperor is the same as the personal name of emperor shōwa  ,  the kanji are different : emperor fushimi  ,  formerly prince hirohito ( 熈仁 ) emperor shōwa  ,  formerly prince hirohito ( 裕仁 ) prince hirohito was the second son of emperor go-fukakusa  .
tanner roark throws four scoreless innings for team usa in wbc semifinal win .
he has a cockroach farm .  he has around one mile square of cockroaches .
bradley `` brad  keselowski ( born february 12  ,  1984 ) is an american racecar driver  .
in the nineteenth century  ,  the city became the general headquarters for the french army during the spanish war of independence under the reign of joseph bonaparte ( 1808-1813 )  .
players can steal and drive many types of cars  ,  boats  ,  helicopters and motorcycles  .
a bluestone lighthouse was built in 1849-50 to replace the wooden one  .
the boy also got $35 , 000 from his father .
the contract was signed in may 1994  ,  with the major technology supplier being the erg group  .
after developing the fourth crash bandicoot game ( crash team racing )  ,  the company began working on jak and daxter for playstation 2  .
records were now played on `` a stereo   .
the zoo lets visitors see them .
shenyang is the transport and commercial hub of china s northeast-particularly with japan  ,  russia  ,  and korea  .
tv legend david frost dies .
she first told people these ideas in her novels the fountainhead and atlas shrugged  .
people can see each other after 60 years
as they travel to alturia  ,  a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet  .
it is above european union pollution limits .
women work less than they want to .  they do housework and look after the family .
dale bumpers ,  arkansas politician and barbed wit of the senate ,  dies at 90 .
professor robert broom ( 30 november 1866  ,  paisley - 6 april 1951 ) was a scottish  ,  and later south african  ,  doctor and paleontologist  .
there are many dwarf galaxies in the local group : these small galaxies frequently orbit around larger galaxies  ,  such as the milky way  ,  the andromeda galaxy and the triangulum galaxy  .
there are 7 , 000 refugees in the camp .  they are leaving the camp .
this makes a lot of people angry .
this was the administrative  ,  political and military center of the empire  .
he thought solar heating was because of atmospheric motions  .
they do this for various purposes : ap tests are scored on a 1 to 5 scale as follows : grading the ap exam takes a long time  .
individual tattooists may choose to set age restrictions for their business as a precaution against lawsuits  .
microraptor was among the first non-avian dinosaurs discovered with the impressions of feathers and wings  .
ab said it always tries hard to show the good things about the usa .
according to pakistani government data the floods directly affected about 20 million people  ,  mostly by destruction of property  ,  livelihood and infrastructure  ,  with a death toll of close to 2 , 000  .
would-be ronald reagan assassin will be released this month .
kerouac was a friend of writers allen ginsberg  ,  william s .  burroughs  ,  lawrence ferlinghetti  ,  and gregory corso  ,  among many others  .
give me the brush and i will show you how to do it .
most centrioles are nine sets of microtubule triplets  ,  arranged in a cylinder  .
also  ,  the new orleans national weather service gave out a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern louisiana  .
british leader says brexit process to begin by march with demand for a clean break .
nine of the men must go to prison .  however ,  they get free in the end .
a man was a lobster hunter .  now ,  he helps tasmania’s giant lobsters .
the first six hotels contain 10 levels  ,  and the last 2 hotels contains 15 levels  .
instead  ,  he shot him in the shoulder  ,  which made him drop his rifle  .
it was written by james scheffer  ,  frank romano  ,  danny morris  ,  and rico love  .
unlike the parliament of the united kingdom  ,  the powers of the parliament of canada are limited  ,  because provincial legislatures have the sole right to pass laws about some things  .
black bear spotted wandering through downtown moncton .
the most common way to make mate involves a careful arrangement of the yerba in the gourd before adding hot water  .
in 1955  ,  mayor richard j .  daley became one of the most powerful and well known democrats in the country  .
naomi watts and billy crudup are possibly dating .
placodonts are in the order sauropterygia  ,  the group that includes plesiosaurs  .
two liquor store employees burned after molotov cocktail ignited in shop .
colombian leader santos wins nobel peace prize .
it is possible to save a conversation to read later or look at again  .
it has a very small orbital eccentricity ( ~ 0 . 0002 ) and inclination ( ~ 0 . 06 ° ) relative to the equator of jupiter  .
however ,  there are not enough of them .
it is very dangerous to be this fat .
the contestant can give or receive the clues for this round  .
on the next day  ,  he made his first sanskrit poetic form  ,  in the bhujaṅgaprayāta metre  .
amelia jessica ` amy  pond is a fictional character on the british science fiction television series doctor who  .
skorzeny said that he was told by german legal experts that as long he does nt order his men to fight in combat while wearing american uniforms  ,  such a tactic was a legitimate trick  .
in this book  ,  ezra talks with an angel or god three times and has four visions  .
galileo s discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers  .
duroplast was first used in the body of the ifa f8 and later also the awz p70 or zwickau p70 and later used in the body of the trabant  .
while skiing  ,  skiers go as quickly as 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) an hour  .
israeli minister: criticizing israel is the new anti-semitism .
at its height the chola empire had spread from bengal in the northeast to sri lanka in the south  .
the first versions of mosaic and netscape navigator used the x11 color names as the base for their color lists  .
economic recovery in the early 20th century was caused by the silk and textile industry  .
in england ,  there is another terrorist attack .
the flower started to play with the little prince ,  but her play wasn’t always nice .
trace amounts of sulfur in particular make the steel red-short  .
jean-paul troadec ( born october 14  ,  1948 in saint-renan  ,  finistère  ,  france ) is a french aerospace engineer  .
the address is 16450 s . e .  federal highway  ,  hobe sound  .
he was the 25th king of baekje  ,  which was one of the three kingdoms of korea in ancient times  .
tenn .  chicken breeding facility reports strain of bird flu .
it is an su-27 fighter jet .
polish first lady passes over trumps handshake .
note : w = wins  ,  l = losses  ,  t = ties  ,  pts = points  ,  gf = goals for  ,  ga = goals against  ,  pim = penalties in minutes note : teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold note : gp = games played  ,  g = goals  ,  a = assists  ,  pts = points  ,  pim = penalties in minutes
easy rider is famous for its use of real drugs in its portrayal of marijuana and other substances  .
many other european languages have a version of this phrase  ,  but many are translated as a warning not to buy a cat in a bag  .
bent represented denmark six times in chess olympiads  ,  always on first board  ,  and compiled an aggregate score of 75\/109 ( +61 = 28 − 20 )  ,  for 68 . 8 %  ,  according to olimpbase . org  .
one folktale claims that if someone looks into the eyes of eternal silence s hooded figure  ,  the viewer would be shown a vision of his or her own death  .
nfl’s chief medical officer calls marijuana research ‘really important’ .
it is very dangerous .
alternative names for brown dwarfs were proposed  ,  including planetar and substar  .
george saunders wins 2017 man booker prize .
other greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide  ,  methane  ,  nitrous oxide  ,  chlorofluorocarbon and ozone  .
the limitations led to disagreements between general dwight d .  eisenhower and field marshal bernard montgomery over whether montgomery or american general omar bradley in the south would get access to supplies  .
two major tributaries enter this last section from the east : the yarmouk river and jabbok river  .
a geologic section has to follow the rules to be adapted as a gssp by the ics  .
the ipad did not get multitasking until ios 4 . 2 was released in november 2010  .
haddy njie has toured norway several times  ,  both as a solo artist and as part of the group comedy queendom  ,  consisting of herself and four other black norwegian women  ,  all sharing in part african backgrounds  .
african governments should rein in spending ,  world bank economist says .
the oceans are not here today .
islamic state forces attack iraq’s oil-rich city of kirkuk .
in general chiapas has a humid  ,  tropical weather  .
other birds also stand on one leg .
the only fossil lacks key elements : most of the skull and the whole lower body is missing  .
trust in police severely shaken by corruption: .
david skorton receives the key to the smithsonian castle .
he kidnapped peach because bowser made him think that peach was his mother  ,  and he had to keep her safe  .
‘i am running ,  and i’m going to win’: blackburn to remain in senate race even if corker seeks reelection .
at war s end  ,  kellner helped to establish the spd in laubach  ,  and he became the regional party chairman  .
students have big loans .
it did not take me long to choose between a sandy berth ( sic ) to the right and a ten-ton truck to the left  !
the movie underperformed at the box office and gained mixed reviews from critics  .
mandela s body layed in state at the union buildings in pretoria from 11 to 13 december 2013  .
some people later gained economic power through real estate investment and trading  .
stock markets to rise in 2014: .
lymphocytes can be divided into three main types : natural killer ( nk ) cells are a part of the immune system a person is born with  .
he says that the new training will make the flights safer
in the central desert region  ,  the pleiades are said to be seven sisters running away from the unwelcome attentions of a man represented by some of the stars in orion  .
her other brother lives in san diego  ,  california and is an american citizen  .
cub scouts holding open houses .
he has drugs with him .  he also wants to kill two people .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
the large majority of the population of central luzon is roman catholic  .
indiana university student shouted ‘white power , ’ attacked woman ,  police say .
kelland  ,  morris  ,  and lloyd argue that improvement in consumer-grade graphics technology will allow more realism ; for cut scenes in video games  ,  issues other than visual fidelity arise  .
they must show their face from the hair to the chin .
anjou  ,  maine and normandy now had the same ruler for the first time  .
to be able to live from their painting  ,  many painters were forced to produce portraits or genre scenes  ,  which sold much more easily  .
he began his high school studies at the colegio republicano  .
they open it .  they find gold .
white s advantage is less significant in rapid games or novice games  .
in full-page ad ,  under armour ceo kevin plank tries to put praise for trump behind him .
today  ,  there are no living members of the order : the british sovereign was  ,  and still is  ,  sovereign of the order  .
his mother died when he was seven  ,  and he went live with his uncle and grandmother in frankfurt  .
london’s 43rd pride parade happens .  tens of thousands of people come .
the storyline ended at backlash with a rematch after stratus legitimately dislocated her shoulder when james threw her out of the ring  .
the caspian is famous for its peculiar animal fauna  ,  including one of the few non-marine seals ( the caspian seal ) and the great sturgeons  ,  the source of caviar  .
it continued as normal through thursday  ,  october 4  .
huma and arsalaan want to go somewhere for their wedding anniversary .
there is a palace a mile from the fortress .
models must be very thin to get work .
people are working on some medicine for the virus .  it can take years to make the medicine
pope francis has a brain tumor ?  vatican issues sharp denial .  .
this happened in 2012 .
it is 56 kilometres long .  it gets as deep as 2 .
bernie sanders should skip new hampshire and focus on south carolina instead .
people do not know why the plane crashed
german stock exchange operator cooperating with prosecutors .
in september 2006  ,  piper was named best actress at the tv quick and tv choice awards  .
he tells them that the boy’s body is in his car
art during the 1980s and 1990s shows the political struggle  ,  civil war  ,  suffering  ,  starvation and struggle  .
he was 62 and was buried in paragould  ,  arkansas  .
federal judge rules against d . c .  charter schools that accused city of underfunding .
there were many brooks providing water  .
va .  man tasered after attempted carjacking ,  car theft .
edward ‘mike’ kelley jr .  ,  member of the federal reserve board ,  dies at 84 .
the genus chiromantis is most extreme in this respect : it can oppose two fingers to the other two  ,  resulting in a vice-like grip  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
why fannie mae and freddie mac survived .
youth sports participation is up slightly ,  but many kids are still left behind .
millions of smuggled cigarettes seized .
police in sudan arrested the worlds most wanted people smuggler ,  mered medhanie .
in the machine  ,  the blood flows in one direction  ,  and on the other side of the membrane  ,  a special fluid  ,  dialysate flows in the opposite direction  .
some of the protestant leaders of bohemia thought they would lose the religious rights granted to them by emperor rudolf ii  .
this scares the thief .  he runs away .
variations in the daytime position of the sun : karl von frisch proved that variations in the position of the sun gave bees with a tool for navigation  .
the dragon bites its prey .
prince george’s schools chief proposes plan to lower class sizes ,  boost salaries .
it is true that the electrostatic repulsive force between two protons ( alone in free space ) greatly exceeds the gravitational attractive force between the same two protons  ,  and that is because the charge on the protons is approximately the planck unit of charge but the mass of the protons is far  ,  far less than the planck mass  .
video game studio irrational games to close .
the paintings include : getty s photograph collection is on the lower level of the west pavilion  .
there is a haystack in the museum .
and what is so special about these wheelchairs ?  they let disabled people enjoy the sea or a swimming pool .
watch this plane land ,  do powerslide doughnuts on snow ,  then take off again .
she wants taiwan to be independent
chinese delegation visits pakistan : .
it is good for people who cannot stop spending - people with no willpower .
in 1994  ,  switzer became the coach for the dallas cowboys  .
early voting opens in eastern idaho .
this news is about two children .
appeals court rules that trump’s latest entry ban violates the law .
afghan generals face charges in crackdown on military corruption .
patrick kane is the cover athlete for the north american version of nhl 10  .
he tried to fight his programming  ,  but still shoots amy  .
he is 79 years old .  he was the president of fifa from 1998 to 2015
district man sentenced for suv robbery .
yep ,  people still love the iphone .
who owns them ?  asked the businessman who was already quite angry .
broadway legend elaine stritch to be inducted into michigan celebrity hall of fame .
doctors attack up legislator .
the title caliph ( خليفة ) was claimed by abd-ar-rahman iii on january 16  ,  929 ; he was previously known as the emir of córdoba ( أمير قرطبة )  .
the president and staff laugh a lot .
maurice de bevere ( december 1  ,  1923 - july 16  ,  2001 )  ,  better known as morris  ,  was a belgian cartoonist and the creator of lucky luke  .
the benedictine monastery of fulda was founded in 744 by saint sturm  ,  a disciple of saint boniface  ,  when boniface was reorganising the church in germany  .
the rubinstein trap  ,  a trap in the queen s gambit declined is named after him because he fell into it twice  .
luckily ,  there are no passengers on this bus .
paula deen lands $75 million business deal .
doris c .  halaby ,  mother of queen noor of jordan ,  dies at 97 .
it was being tested as part of a bid to replace the current trams  .
the maya calendar is a system of calendars and almanacs used in the maya civilization of pre-columbian mesoamerica  ,  and in some modern maya communities in highland guatemala  .
an old woman runs a marathon .
in 1970 he joined the medical foundation of buffalo  ,  becoming its research director in 1972  .
rebuilding is largely completed and the observatory is now a major partner in the construction of the giant magellan telescope  .
he returns three years later in disney s melody time  .
strong winds quickly spread them .
he had food and wine which smith bought with a promise to pay back  .
she is also royal patron and chairwoman on the board of directors of the red cross of hutt  .
the planet mercury is shrinking .
5 and 28 metres .  thirty metres is new to them .
the interview segments of feelin  so good were conducted by lopez s sister lynda  ,  who interviews not only lopez  ,  but also her mother  ,  medina and her future husband marc anthony  .
it crushes some people against a fence .
baltimore detective’s gun was fired ‘more than once’ during fatal encounter ,  police say .
the girl says ,  really ?  what is the girl’s name ? the boy says ,  alisha .
the deadliest attack happens at 11 p .
in addition  ,  as a choreographer  ,  he started a reform that took ballerinas out of their pointe shoes  .
unlike the early sauropsids  ,  hylonomus and its kin  ,  archaeothyris was relatively large  ,  measuring 50 centimetres ( 20 in ) head to tail  .
bennett wrote over two hundred works for the concert hall  ,  and fifty scores for film and television  .
he lets the cubs move all over him .
the new theater opened on 12 january 1817  ,  with an opera by simon mayr  ,  il sogno di partenope ( partenope s dream )  .
senate judiciary’s meeting with trump jr .  scheduled for thursday .
platinum equity completes acquisition of volvo rents .
martínez competed in the 2012 summer paralympics in london  ,  england  .
the zoo thinks that more people will visit because of the cage
`` homer s night out  is the tenth episode of the simpsons first season  ,  and first started on march 25  ,  1990  .
a venn diagram is a diagram that shows the logical relation between sets  .
liliane bettencourt ,  l’oréal heiress and world’s richest woman ,  dies at 94 .
it was released again in 2003 as part of the player s choice line  ,  a selection of games with high sales sold for a reduced price  .
the persistence of companion clouds shows that some former dark spots may continue to exist as cyclones even though they are no longer able to be seen as a dark feature  .
chief of d . c .  secondary schools removed in ballou high graduation scandal .
the man drives into a city .  he crashes into another car .
when a tornadic waterspout makes landfall it can be called a tornado  ,  and can cause damage to buildings and other things made by people  .
william lawson ( 2 june 1774 - 16 june 1850 ) was an explorer of new south wales  ,  australia  .
there are eight planets in the solar system  .
markbygden wind farm will be a series of interconnected wind farms in the markbygden area of northern sweden  ,  covering some 450 square kilometres  .
a statue of lenin has been mysteriously beheaded in moscow .
he was surprised to see no differences .
virginia baseball team uninjured after bus driver loses consciousness ,  crashes bus .
in canada  ,  `` yogurt  is most common among english speakers  ,  but many brands use `` yogourt  ,   because it is correct in both french and english  .
it is cleaner not to touch something .  ultrahaptics can be used for virtual reality ,  too .
he also wrote music for many other movies  ,  including citizen kane  ,  cape fear and taxi driver  .
for example ,  if the discovery is a large mountain ,  the explorer has to bring large stones from it .
they had one son  ,  antonio raphael ottaviano ( tony cimber )  .
juneau is named after its founder  ,  the metis paul juneau  ,  he was the son of solomon juneau  ,  founder of milwaukee  .
police mop up arms ahead of 2015 elections .
after playing at several places  ,  the magpies settled at trent bridge cricket ground in 1883  .
trump’s presence at the u . n .  general assembly was reassuring .
body of man in c&o canal in georgetown identified as 51-year-old from virginia .
this led to a schism in the church  ,  into catholics and a number of protestant churches  .
they can sleep 15 to 20 hours a day .
such reactions are often carried out in a tube with open ended on both sides and through which the gas flows  .
two american businessmen acquitted in the united arab emirates of supporting militants .
senate overwhelmingly passes new russia and iran sanctions .
the makonde are renowned for their wood carving and elaborate masks that are commonly used in traditional dances  .
lopevi lost the first challenge mainly due to chris  ,  however  ,  the older men of the tribe started an alliance and worked to vote off one of the younger men  ,  brook  .
rawat distributes portfolios; .
it was based on a novella ( short book ) by truman capote  .
someone steals a very expensive bottle of vodka .  the person steals it from a bar in denmark .
he also had worked for her father  ,  her husband  ,  and for the royal vizier senemut  .
andy murray is a very good british tennis player .
afterwards  ,  a special forces unit from the united states army comes in  ,  led by major grant  .
in the winning essay was blieb vom weißen ritter  ?
it is named after major thomas mitchell  ,  surveyor and explorer who was the first european to explore large areas of new south wales and victoria  .
d . c .  man pleads guilty to murder after stabbing man in face with butcher knife .
the hearing dogs may work outside their owner s home and be trained to hear sounds like sirens  ,  forklifts and a person calling the owner s name  .
this was because they were children of the band members from banda el recodo  ,  a mexican band formed by cruz lizárraga  .
the combined power stations feature a chimney which is one of the taller structures in the united kingdom  ,  and six hyperbolic cooling towers  ,  which can be seen from much of the surrounding area  .
watch: queen elizabeth ii shocked by ‘very rude’ chinese officials ahead of state visit .
it is in the atlantic ocean .  this is off the coast of florida .  you must go almost 30 metres underwater .
the carnival begins in the ’60s .  only a few hundred people come .
on october 16 1906 voigt was ready for the big adventure that made him famous  .
thick deposits of silty material that result from wind deposition are often called loess ( a german term ) or limon ( french )  .
detectives question three men
they were on their way to becoming serfs  .
it will change how we get weather information .
maryland state trooper fatally shoots man in frederick area .
the disease usually attacks the lungs  ,  but it can also affect other parts of the body  .
ntsb: amtrak engineer sounded horn ,  applied emergency brake in s . c .  crash .
paul ,  santorum end presidential bids .
it is named for the late william m .  jennings  ,  who was a governor and president of the new york rangers and who helped build ice hockey in the united states  .
this happens in england .  a gang steals a digger .
mcelroy to join sec network .
letters  .  .  .  not only urdu poetry but the prose is also indebted to mirza ghalib  .
they are a brother and a sister .  this eruption is deadly .
the first time was for his actions in the tiananmen square protests of 1989  .
2 million likes on facebook .
hsbc is now in court in the usa ,  france ,  belgium and argentina .
the big group of fish is five to seven kilometres long .
also ,  the self-driving cars are fuel-efficient .  they are friendly to the planet .
michael birnbaum named brussels bureau chief .
it was like a riot .
mike rizzo has two years to get the nationals to the world series .  .
u . n .  agency head quits over report calling israel an ‘apartheid regime’ .
in late 2004  ,  suleman was in the news for cutting howard stern s radio show from four citadel stations because of stern s frequent discussions about stern s move to sirius satellite radio  .
the impact of even deteriorated gunpowder would have been magnified by the impact of its compression in wooden barrels  ,  with the compression overcoming any deterioration in the quality of the contents  .
most expensive home sells for $120 million; .
raffia palms  ,  with leaves up to 25 meters long and 3 meters wide  ,  have the largest leaves of any plant  .
an honest reading of rand paul’s ‘everything is awesome ! ’ campaign memo .
he says that the first goal is to find water in space .
without the tracks ,  they have no jobs .
job market shows signs of gains .
the top 10 things people miss about san francisco .
remains from egyptair wreckage examined amid conflict over initial findings .
what to cook when spring feels close but its produce isn’t .
gaelic football is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with h-shaped goals at each end  .
such reactions gave chemists a much wider choice of enantiomerically pure molecules to start an organic synthesis  .
in 1859  ,  the first post office was then named forest  .
x-ray crystallography was the primary method for determining the 3-d molecular structure of biological macromolecules  .
edge  ,  the twenty-ninth person to enter  ,  won the match by last eliminating john cena  ,  the nineteenth person to enter  .
he was quickly promoted and by the end of 1933 had reached the rank of ss-brigadeführer  .
it is not eating well .  they ask a dentist for help .
the toa were soon captured and mutated into bestial toa hordika  .
people call buenos aires ,  argentina ,  ‘the paris of the south’ .  buenos aires takes pride in its café culture .
highway 1 includes parts called pacific coast highway ( pch )  ,  cabrillo highway  ,  shoreline highway  ,  or coast highway  .
the washington post is rated the top news source for national opinion leaders .
on 15 november 2004  ,  the sale of cosworth was completed to champ car world series owners gerald forsythe and kevin kalkhoven they are the current owners of the cosworth group  .
this is discrimination against jews .
before the 1890s when there was no formal party system in south australia  ,  politicians usually held liberal or conservative beliefs  .
one hot minute is the sixth studio album by american alternative rock band red hot chili peppers  .
another lady is angry .
they set eighty free  .
this deal can help kosovo be part of the eu free travel zone .
people find a body of an animal .  they find it in siberia .
stephen furst ,  who played flounder in the hit comedy ‘animal house , ’ dies at 63 .
robinson decided not to seek re-election to the senate in 1989  .
it is a large nuclear waste reprocessing and storage complex operated by areva nc  .
it sold 6 . 9 million copies worldwide  .
his music is often influenced by jazz and polytonality ( music in more than one key at once )  .
here is news from pakistan .  every year ,  people hold a festival there .
k .
in 1958 the lpo appointed william steinberg as chief conductor  .
it is a semiregular variable star with a period of about 940 days  .
this year’s floods are very bad .
in materials science  ,  wear is the erosion of material from a solid surface by the action of another solid  .
however  ,  the actual amount of land mass claimed is not large ; most of the area defined as being in the ross dependency is either in the ross sea or the antarctic ocean  .
paris summit is already a win for obama ,  but planet remains in danger .
a new deal mural in the bay minette post office is a painting of this story  .
manipur celebrates patriots day .
but taoiseach liam cosgrave refused the offers  ,  an offer he repeated subsequently  .
the upper parts of the ridge are covered with thick forests of pine  ,  oak  ,  sycamore  ,  horse-chestnut  ,  and wild cherry ; but the slopes are stony and barren  .
national nurses union backs rep .  donna edwards in md .  democratic senate primary .
new lexington man dies in crash .
this cooling effect may cover the effect of greenhouse gases caused by global warming  .
the italian soldiers were most active in three areas : irkutsk  ,  harbin  ,  and vladivostok  .
he ground hosted its first test match on 25 may 2007  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the yolngu traded with the people of makassar on the indonesian island of sulawesi  .
dealerdisclosure . com launches new vehicle research tool .
lamar odom’s son shares first photo of his dad since hospitalization in october .
the next news will be on 4th january ,  2016
some of the baby orangutans lost their parents because of hunting ,  logging and forest fires .
lawrence colburn ,  soldier honored for intervening in my lai massacre ,  dies at 67 .
this month was first called sextilis in latin  ,  because it was the sixth month in the old roman calendar  .
the spanish police spy on the man from the uk .
white tulsa officer charged with manslaughter in death of unarmed black man .
how russia feels one year into trumps foreign policy .
part of landover road in prince george’s county reopened after a fatal crash .  .
he is currently adjunct director of the `` institut de neurosciences cognitives et intégratives daquitaine   .
people move the ship to a port .  they will take it apart there .
in 1988 schultz became an aide to peter deutsch at the beginning of his state legislative career  .
this is 50 per cent more than five years ago .
rickets makes a comeback in britain .
pablo zibes ( born in 1971 in buenos aires ) is an argentinian actor and mime  .
an ordinary seaman who gained six years of experience and knew the name and use of every line in the ship s rigging  ,  could be promoted to seaman  .
division is most often shown by placing the dividend over the divisor with a horizontal line  ,  also called a vinculum  ,  between them  .
k . l because of their concept and the fact that they are both from the same company ( dsp entertainment )  .
sean payton stays with the saints .  but is there any magic left ?  .
coal balls are fossilizations of plants and their tissues  ,  usually made when there is seawater or acidic peat  .
thetis became flustered causing juno to become suspicious and  ,  at last  ,  the queen god discovered the truth : the baby she had once rejected had grown into a talented blacksmith  .
he won a tony award for the musical  .
winning numbers drawn in ‘pick 4 evening’ game .
tiridates iii of arsacid dynasty made armenia the first christian nation in 301 ad  .
in addition  ,  jose was responsible for killing people six directly  .
,  and others  ,  and were involved in the ill-fated sex pistols movie who killed bambi  ?
people ask for peace and harmony .
as of december 12th ,  firefighters have 25% of the fire in control
how to use your smartphone to photograph the solar eclipse .
two years later  ,  his dissertation  ,  `` mémoire sur le système nerveux du barbeaux ( cyprinus barbus l .  )  was published in paris and strasbourg  .
two hikers found after get lost in red river gorge .
because lfsrs are inherently linear  ,  one technique for removing the linearity is to feed the outputs of a group of parallel lfsrs into a non-linear boolean function to form a combination generator  .
during the last years kotor has been visited by many tourists  ,  who are attracted by both the beauty of the gulf of kotor and the old town  .

it said this was unfair .
it is kebab meat with fries and a spicy sauce .
there are two subspecies : the chinese water deer ( hydropotes inermis inermis ) and the korean water deer ( hydropotes inermis argyropus )  .
his ortografía castellana ( 1609 )  ,  published in mexico  ,  contains ideas for the reform of spanish spelling  .
most of the population of the dugongs live there  .
his actions at saint-jean and valcour island played a notable role in delaying the british advance against ticonderoga until 1777  .
it is the longest music track included on the disc  .
lentils come in colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green  ,  brown and black  .
a brad pitt movie has scared farm animals .
but the man is fine .
giosuè alessandro giuseppe carducci ( pietrasanta  ,  27 july 1835 - bologna  ,  16 february 1907 ) was an italian poet and teacher  .
firefighters come to the building .  they look through the rubble .
these teeth raked or ploughed the sand and mud  .
attorney: muslim air force veteran suing over no-fly list allowed back into u . s .  by plane .
other families began to settle there as well  ,  and in 1844  ,  the town was named by county commissioner dr .  george h .  stone  ,  in honor of a popular poet named lydia sigourney  .
in fact  ,  it was already a diapsid  ,  with two openings on each side of its skull to add attachment points for jaw muscles  .
paul ryan says he will support budget deal .
the turtles are in very bad conditions .
eta carinae ( η carinae or η car ) is a superbright hypergiant star in the constellation carina  ,  about 7 , 500 to 8 , 000 light-years from the sun  .
some people think that satirical novels in fantastic settings ( places ) such as gulliver s travels by jonathan swift are speculative fiction  .
when bruno walter left munich to go to new york  ,  knappertsbusch succeeded him as conductor of the bavarian state orchestra  .
the video shows a blue car .
kasich: trump has created ‘toxic environment’ .
bernard greenhouse ( born 3 january 1916 ; died 13 may 2011 ) was an american cellist  .
the details of how michael wolff penetrated the white house are the most damning of all .
officials must get more information about this .
airplanes make a lot of co2 .
monarch butterflies and manatees ,  oh my !  these two animals are on a big rebound .  .
1 billion project to fill in a large area of the sea .
booker t .  jones ,  on the stax records soul sound he helped create .
air pollution was the biggest killer .
the khapra beetle ( trogoderma granarium )  ,  which originated in south asia  ,  is one of the world s most destructive pests of grain products and seeds  .
when a tropical cyclone makes landfall  ,  the eye `` closes   ,  surf gets less  ,  and winds get less as the cyclone spreads out  ,  losing energy  .
the first law of thermodynamics dictates that the net heat input is equal to the net work output over any cycle  .
two years later she began to have a love affair with fabrizio carafa  ,  the duke of andria  .
potassium chlorate is a chemical compound  .
he is a surfer .
people have a great time .
in november 1844  ,  halkett wanted to test the boat-cloak in bad weather conditions  .
children need more sleep than adults .
it is pink .
but in some jurisdictions  ,  there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association  ,  in others the association must register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association s existence  .
in march 2005 buena gave birth to a daughter called tahlia  .
it is one of more attacks on israeli soldiers .  this attack is the biggest
friedrich wilhelm karl was a standartenführer in the waffen ss during world war ii  .
the software does not allow the playback or information of dvds or cds  ,  nor does it allow the installation of microsoft windows  .
turkish police officer ,  invoking aleppo ,  guns down russian ambassador in ankara .
man of steel holds a 55 % approval rating on rotten tomatoes  ,  based on 271 reviews  ,  with a rating average of 6 . 2 \/ 10  .
the city holds city status in its own right  ,  and is also a separate ceremonial county  .
one special characteristic of the city is its painted gables  ,  for which aarau is sometimes called the `` city of beautiful gables   .
they think the people buried at stonehenge were from people who helped transport the stones .
therefore  ,  paleontologists think it probably lived in shallow  ,  weed-choked swamps  ,  the legs adapted to some other function than walking on land  .
the find was made under unfortunate circumstances  .
they run in the sand in the beginning .
a tropical storm moves across bangladesh .  at least 24 people die .
triple five group  ,  owned by the ghermezian family of canada  ,  fully owns and manages the property  .
french djs are angry about a new rule .
in sweden  ,  cities were made by the royal charter until 1951  .
four government workers came to the lemonade stall .  they started filming the girl .
although both were 20 meters above sea level  ,  the tsunami covered them and washed people away  .
at estadio azteca ,  a tie that feels like a u . s .  win and a mexico loss .
the 30-year-old songwriter rapped about being black in the usa .
they call for help ,  but the japanese man dies .
cuccinelli and cruz: a matched set .
i-395 lanes reopen after police chase and car accident .
walter j .  leonard ,  architect of harvard affirmative action plan ,  dies .
collins said that the number was `` a statement to myself  ,  my family and my friends   .
newsinlevels .
the bill was used until belgium started using the euro in 2002  .
at trump’s request ,  house may tweak health care bill before leaving for recess .
micheline dumont-ugeux ,  daring belgian resistance fighter in wwii ,  dies at 96 .
georgie fame also had a hit with this song in 1969  ,  his only songwriting credit to hit the british charts reaching number sixteen and spending 9 weeks on the chart  .
in the basement is a photographic display of the palace  ,  the hawaiian crown jewels  ,  awards given by the monarchs  ,  and regalia worn by the high chiefs of the islands  .
advantedge healthcare launches qualityedge information capture service .
the tallest cliff in the solar system may be verona rupes  ,  an approximately 20 km ( 12 mile ) high cliff on miranda  ,  a moon of the planet uranus  .
the law is now used in the semiconductor industry to guide long-term planning and to set targets for research and development  .
muhammad yunus was awarded the 2006 nobel peace prize  ,  along with grameen bank  ,  for their efforts to create economic and social developments  .
other serious nuclear accidents include fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant accident  ,  three mile island accident  ,  the windscale fire  ,  mayak accident  ,  and the sl-1 accident  .
senate republicans try to placate rubio after he threatens to oppose tax bill over child credit .
the essays are not written until a writer is hired .
d . c .  man arrested in february homicide .
with the aim of launching guerrilla operations against the chinese  ,  the cia funded the dalai lama $ 1 . 7 million a year in the 1960s  .
however ,  after an hour it loses contact with the ground .  the helicopter crashes into a mountain .
ireland was no longer a member of the commonwealth of nations but in 1973 had joined the european economic community ( eec )  ,  now known as the european union ( eu )  .
hunter killed by falling tree branch .
mendocino college accepting scholarship applications .
farm aid returns to the d . c .  area in september .
the music consists mainly of waltzes  ,  polkas  ,  mazurkas and marches  .
it gets on a city highway .
frederic myers had a big influence on william james  ,  pierre janet  ,  théodore flournoy and carl jung  .
the last english city to lose its trams was sheffield in 1960  .
in 1820 the city wall was torn down  ,  with exception of the individual towers and gates  ,  and the defensive ditches were filled in  .
on an electric train  ,  the train driver originally had to control the speed by changing the resistance manually  .
on april 22  ,  2007 nicolas sarkozy won most of the votes in the first round of the 2007 presidential election  .
on september 2  ,  2009  ,  it was announced that co-directors eduardo sanchez and daniel myrick were pitching the third film  .
however ,  the campaign group scientists for britain says brexit would be better for british science .
the following match was a for the wwf tag team championship  .
lorry bursts into flames in aldermaston .
his fall completely destroys it .  but the man is fine .
they do not like it .  they do not want to go away .
carlton steal into afl finals: .
however  ,  she explains that  ,  `` he is also in an extreme situation and attempting to defend somebody very good against a violent and murderous opponent   .
the hairs oil doesnt clean it .
the baby tapir is brown .
ll cool j becomes the first rapper to be kennedy center honors recipient .
one boy falls into the manhole .
consequently euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars  ,  having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10 . 2  ,  which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously found  .
caribbean journalist ernest eytle wrote a biography of worrell titled frank worrell : the career of a great cricketer in 1963  .
the deal will be good for shoppers and for companies .
life expectancies have increased .  people who are 50 are not old .
baltimore was nicknamed `` the monumental city  by president john quincy adams in 1827  .
gop idaho lawmakers push bill banning islamic law in courts .
clamworms are an important food source for bottom-feeding fish and crustaceans  ,  though they can protect themselves by secreting a mucus substance that hardens to form a sheath around them  .
sperm whales are intelligent .  they are curious ,  too
the woman does not like this .  she saves dogs .
it makes him the heavyweight champion of the world .  at this time ,  he changes his name to muhammed ali .
in 1918  ,  vézina became the first nhl goaltender to record a shutout and the first to earn an assist on a goal  .
live q&a chat 9/27: what to do with your federal long-term care insurance .
florida students chanting ‘we want change’ walk out of schools to protest gun violence .
he was quoted as saying : `` it s enough already   .
royal canadian air cadets are not part of the canadian forces and do not have to join the canadian forces  .
napoleon demanded  ,  from a highly superior position  ,  peace terms in what was to be called the peace of tilsit ( 1807 )  .
the other two are from the usa .
asian markets end higher .
mixed-use project with 398 apartments to rise in tysons .
ayala center cebu presents je taime .
through the second half of 2005  ,  the x-37 underwent structural upgrades including reinforcement of the nose wheel supports  .
martin landau ,  oscar-winning actor who played heroes and villains ,  dies at 89 .
in 1934  ,  he completed his symphony no .  2  ,  his last purely orchestral work  ,  conducted in amsterdam and new york by bruno walter  .
from the platform there is a view over the northern black forest with the hornisgrinde in the south  ,  bühlerhöhe in the north east and the valley of the upper rhine in the west side  .
37 metres .  it rolls ,  too .
ex-barclays trader in libor case testifies that boss hit him .
in 2000  ,  elizabeth holloway married george `` jug  twitty  ,  a prominent alabama businessman  ,  and natalee moved with her family to mountain brook  ,  alabama  .
searchers find remains of king salmon woman .
jadeveon clowney returns to practice .
the sioux are native americans .
she is from australia .
activists want to move the mother and the baby into a wildlife reservation
this will affect $1 .
man ,  29 ,  arrested after he is found naked and screaming in flower bed in crystal city .
they normally jump from between 26 .
it is now 175 feet ( 53 m ) tall  .
the croix de guerre was also often awarded to foreign military forces allied to france and belgium  .
in the strictest sense of the word  ,  boutiques would be one-of-a-kind but some chains are referred to as boutiques if they specialize in particular styles  .
azerbaijan votes in presidential election .
annual prey needs appears to be 20-30 adult blue sheep ( bharal )  .
last friday ,  something special happens .  the moon turns red .
he tried to win the democratic nomination for a seat in the u . s .  senate in 1962 but lost to incumbent olin d .  johnston  .
moderate drought declared for most of the district and surroundings .
tiger hugs the boy .  he is happy ,  too
leslie r .  wolfe ,  who helped highlight gender bias in sat exam ,  dies at 74 .
the following are categorized as being part of quantum mechanics :
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
in 1928 lentulov entered into the society of moscow artists  ,  and became chairman of the society  .
mma fighter aaron rajman shot & killed in brutal home invasion .
raising the minimum wage in montgomery county would benefit workers .
afterwards  ,  orton turned heel and furthered his legend killer gimmick by rkoing his then-girlfriend stacy keibler  .
the wedding reception was held in the metropolitan hotel on broadway at 3 pm  .
local roundup: 3 men wounded in unrelated shootings sunday in d . c .  .
from 1641 to 1647  ,  he was the leader in the fight against the irish catholic confederation  .
after 3 years ,  she has a baby .
geological evidence gathered by unmanned missions suggest that mars once had much liquid water on its surface  .
it is a small bird .  it is blue and yellow .
he says that it is like rugby ,  wrestling or surfing .  if you do not do it right ,  you can get hurt .
after the race  ,  it was reported that he was involved in a physical altercation with team principal franz tost  .
it predicted how many medals countries will win at the rio olympics .
on each side of the parade are monuments for military campaigns or services  ,  such as the vietnam war and australia s wartime nurses  .
it said this was unfair .
they think that the cars are stolen .  they think that people import them illegally .
donald trump ,  escalating attacks on bill clinton ,  revives sexual assault allegations in new video .
it is a distinctive characteristic of the cathedrals of england that all but one of them show great stylistic diversity and have building dates that typically range over 400 years  .
a third single from the album  ,  walking backwards  ,  was released on august 4  ,  2008  .
sen .  kamala harris backs bernie sanders’s single-payer bill .
if something goes wrong ,  the driver will drive it .  the maximum speed of the cars is 40 kilometres per hour .  people build these cars in detroit ,  usa
,  november 24  ,  1875-september 7  ,  1953 )  ,  also known as noboyuki abe  ,  was a general in the imperial japanese army  ,  governor-general of korea  ,  and 36th prime minister of japan from august 30  ,  1939 to january 16  ,  1940  .
about 470 , 000 ounces of gold were sent by the armed gold escort from the goldfields  .
its relative minor is d ♯ minor  ,  and its enharmonic equivalent is g ♭ major  .
claudius  infirmity may have saved him from the purges of tiberius  and caligula s reigns ; enemies did not see him as a serious threat  .
the conclusion that at least some dinosaurs had a high metabolism  ,  and were therefore warm-blooded  ,  was popularized by his student robert bakker  .
above 200 ° c  ,  of2 decomposes to oxygen and fluorine  .
ironveld makes significant progress .
they contacted lilly with the hopes of bringing back the brand because  ,  `` they just loved lilly  ,  their mothers and sisters loved lilly  ,  and they wanted to bring the line back  ,   according to lilly herself  .
sir walter scott  ,  1st baronet  ,  frse ( 15 august 1771 - 21 september 1832 ) was a scottish historical novelist  ,  playwright  ,  and poet  ,  widely popular in the first half of the 19th century  .
bus driver who fatally struck la plata woman avoids jail ,  must pay $200 in fines .
woman dies in ohio house fire .
in 1802 wordsworth and his sister  ,  dorothy  ,  visited annette and caroline in france  .
it is called `` black  because it absorbs all the light that hits it  ,  reflecting nothing  ,  just like a perfect black body in thermodynamics  .
teen girl shot in head inside apartment in northeast washington’s ivy city .
moving at high speed  ,  the shock wave swept up gas and dust  ,  creating a starburst around the galaxy s center ( which was undisturbed )  .
it is part of the greater miami metropolitan statistical area  ,  which was home to 5 , 564 , 635 people at this census  .
rachel kaprielian is states secretary of labor .
icarus makes a close approach to earth at gaps of 9  ,  19  ,  or 38 years  .
braidwood is on the kings highway which joins canberra to batemans bay on the coast  .
to understand how proteins work  ,  it is often necessary to discover their three-dimensional structure  .
com do not simply write instead of you .
rand paul may hate the budget deal but he can’t stop it now .
a chinese diver proposes to his girlfriend .
`` they were completely at ease ( comfortable ) with him  .
fire burns southeast of idaho falls .
it will compete with the airbus 320 and the boeing 737 .
dear science: what does sunscreen spf mean ,  and what happens if you mix them ?  .
it is also commonly known as `` devil s night  in many places throughout canada  .
princess diana’s private tapes will air despite pleas from her family and friends .
ecu softball splits doubleheader at louisiana tech .
its name is www .
in 1845  ,  gawler wrote a book in which he suggested that jews be allowed to establish jewish agricultural settlements in the land of israel as compensation for their suffering in europe and under turkish rule  .
on a visit to london  ,  isabella was introduced to samuel beeton who had become a publisher of books and popular magazines  .
the town of alice springs built on the banks of the usually dry todd river  .
places along the north slope of the mountains include ( from east to west ) : places along the south slope of the mountains include ( from east to west ) : further information : los angeles river the southwestern headwaters of the los angeles river are in the santa monica mountains  .
paul ryan lays out gop’s national security agenda ,  softening trump’s edges .
it measures 35 to 45 cm in diameter  ,  and 15 to 18 cm in height  .
montana state needed a women’s basketball assistant ,  so they called john stockton .
archeological evidence shows settlement in the area since 2000 bc  .
when summer temperatures can go up over 45 degrees celsius ,  there is a need for a machine that is ok with hot weather and can stop fire .  people made a new jet ski .
nicki minaj will pay the tuition fees for 30 of her twitter fans ,  if they get a-grades .
d . c .  police arrest third suspect in fatal northeast washington stabbing .
the cheapest plan is 3 .  5 billion pounds .
the police believe that there are more criminals .  they believe that there are 40 slaves altogether
snacks and sweets that are perfect for a picnic or cookout .
located in the arabian sea  ,  lakshadweep is a union territory of india off the coast of the south western state of kerala  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
in california they were eaten by coastal native american people for almost 12 , 000 years  .
this rule is sixty years old .
with copa america ahead ,  u . s .  national team defeats puerto rico in friendly ,  3-1 .
during the festival ,  crucifixion rituals happen .  they happen on good friday .
sheen is very famous ,  and he makes a lot of money .
the museum is housed in a historic former silk mill which is part of derwent valley mills  .
annual varieties in a host of color forms from white to bronze to purple flowers became available  .
a woman comes to work .  she wears flat shoes .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
u . s .  to have ‘very serious conversation’ with china over suspected south china sea missile deployment .
other people try to help them .
conor mcgregor’s coach says fighter is already training for floyd mayweather .
ine ( † 728 ) was a west saxon nobleman who was king of wessex from 688 to 726  .
occasionally  ,  several tornadoes are spawned from the same very large storm  .
he is the first to do a backflip over the thames .  the stuntman’s name is travis pastrana .
differences in the sun s magnetic field are carried outward by the solar wind and can produce magnetic storms in the earth s magnetosphere  .
fifa 16 has 12 top international womens teams .
a second son  ,  patrick  ,  was born prematurely in august 1963 and died two days later  .
the people who voted in 1859 in moldavia and wallachia picked the same person - alexandru ioan cuza - to be the prince in those areas  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
she added: three months is a long time to go unpaid ,  and it is unfair to ask anyone to work for nothing .
alexandria to allow food trucks on streets near three metro stops .
it tells the surfers to stay away from the whale .
government questions us embassy over tweet .
the blood is good enough to give to people .
12-year-old heads to college ,  aims to be doctor by 18 .  .
white house says it will destroy trump voter panel data ,  send no records to dhs .
it has a grand opening ceremony .
the devastation was less complete than assurbanipal boasted  ,  and elamite rule  ,  though rather broken up  ,  continued until 540 bc  ,  when achaemenid rule begins in susa  .
these are not suitable for inexperienced walkers  ,  or for people traveling alone  .
the basic idea was to accelerate the transfer of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to the ocean by increasing photosynthesis and increasing the export of organic carbon ( as `` marine snow  ) to the deep ocean  .
this is important for people to make money .
a haven for chimpanzees subjected to invasive research .
the great barrier reef is in australia .
many comments were made by the media comparing the statements that ayers was making about his past just as a terrorist incident shocked the public  .
twilight is a series of fantasy\/romance books by stephenie meyer  .
skipper ward sets town defence a target .
with the man dead the man who first made the challenge gives hercules a peacock feather  ,  hera s symbol  .
rep .  sensenbrenner wants intelligence director clapper prosecuted for lying .
pohjola graduated from berklee with honors in 1994  .
from the beginning  ,  the sos distress signal has actually been a continuous sequence of three-dits\/three-dahs\/three-dits  ,  all run together without letter spacing  .
hamburg airport briefly closed after dozens injured by irritant gas .
as a result  ,  sharikov curses in front of women  ,  refuses to shave  ,  and dresses like a slob  .
one man tries to get away .  the animal attacks him .
she leaves coordinates for the doctor to find so that he may save her in the 51st century  .
a glass slide is opened on the side of a building .
they do not want the bridge to break .  they also think that the locks are ugly .
joe byrne was at stringybark creek with the kelly brothers and steve hart on 26 october  ,  1878  ,  when they found four police officers on their trail  ,  and shot three of them dead  .
the president of the museum puts a needle in the haystack .
franchitti presents at autosport awards .
after the oslo accords were signed in 1993  ,  parts of the territories have been governed by the palestinian authority  .
though hits were reported  ,  none of the bombs hit and no major damage resulted  .
microsoft windows 8 . 1 is available .
liszt ( pronounced like `` list  ) was one of the most important musicians of the 19th century  .
orton was unable to punt punk in the head after their match at wrestlemania xxvii which left punk as the only active member of nexus  .
in hawaii and elsewhere in the pacific it is possibly indigenous  ,  although may have been spread by early polynesians for its useful wood and fiber  .
the airport is a base for ryanair  ,  and also charter airlines bmibaby  ,  flybe  ,  monarch  ,  thomas cook airlines and thomson airways  .
she tells them her story .
bayonne residents express outrage over desecration of american flag .
they want to go to europe .
khamenei says us intervention in syria would be a disaster .
paris hilton files complaint against porn site .
for example  ,  the mouth is not back underneath the head  ,  they have tails  ,  and have many scales on their body  .
there will be no more rhinos in 25 years .
the state department speaks up against russia .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house  .
now ,  movies and actors are a problem .
because of the effort of historian joseph wulf  ,  the wannsee house  ,  where the conference was held  ,  is now a holocaust memorial  .
saina nehwal has good chance in world championships: .
he never became king as he died before his father did  .
‘every parent’s nightmare came true’: 13-year-old dies during tug-of-war game at school .
virtual reality is revolutionizing the roller coaster experience .
both the mother and the father help to raise their young pups  .
banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened  ,  and on august 23 debby reached its peak intensity of 50 mph over the open waters of the atlantic ocean  .
sixty-two people die .  two of them are children .
police: man convicted of punching a metro passenger assaults transit officer .
a lot of köpenick s area is covered with forests and water  ,  such as the müggelsee lake  .
‘y’all see why i voted for him ? ’: jimmy carter says he was a bernie sanders supporter .
it jumps over a fence .  it jumps into a sheep pen .
hints from heloise: are these eggs fresh ?  .
france scored a penalty to go 3-1 up .
for many years  ,  reader s digest was the best-selling consumer magazine in the united states until it lost to better homes and gardens in 2009  .
zenit acquire midfielder shatov on transfer .
d . c .  united invites several trialists to mls training camp .
john carlson has mri exam and is questionable to play wednesday night .
in 1995 imi had around 180 students per semester  .
they were born in 1984 .  people moved them to a south african zoo in 1985 .  the two bears became friends .
house republicans issue report on benghazi attacks but find no new evidence of wrongdoing by clinton .
however ,  it cannot land immediately .
a man tortured in chechnya for being gay dares to go public with his story .
for latino people  ,  the music is more like music from latin neighborhoods  ,  such as reggaeton  ,  hip hop from south america  ,  or bachata  .
each discipline has a particular object of research with specific knowledge ,  theories ,  concepts ,  terminologies .
he is on a 70-metre crane .  he bungee jumps .
family dollar to cut jobs ,  close about 370 stores .
they meet the miniature horse .
the canadian kills the british man .
in 1978  ,  he became the president of rockefeller university  ,  until he stepped down in 1990 and became professor-emeritus of molecular genetics and informatics at rockefeller university  .
during single player mode  ,  if a player dies eight times in a row in any level  ,  a green   !
dhoom 3 my toughest role so far: .
he does not have his name put on the hollywood walk of fame  .
an accident happens in brazil .  a pickup overtakes another car .
the sarrasani theater was destroyed on 13 february 1945 during the world war ii  .
because of its quality and rarity  ,  it is much prized by collectors  .
you can travel from zurich to milan .  the journey is 3 hours faster .
people are known to have lived in wimbledon since the iron age when the hill fort on wimbledon common was built  .
she said the pink colour came from tiny animals in oceans of long ago .
the tollbooths remained in place  ,  and are the only surviving examples of bridge tollbooths in london  .
important natural enemies include the predatory lady beetles ( coleoptera : coccinellidae )  ,  hoverfly larvae lacewings ( neuroptera and insect-eating fungi like lecanicillium lecanii  .
unraveling the case of draymond green and the disappearing technical foul .
bahraini protesters clash with security forces .
arkham origins is the first game in the series to have a multiplayer mode  .
a tour entitled justified and lovin  it live was included with the deal as well  .
boxgrove quarry  ,  once a gravel quarry  ,  is now a palaeolithic archaeological site  .
the explosion kills more than 230 people .  it injures hundreds more .
this full moon is a supermoon and the cold moon .
everybody comes to the festival .
he lived in new york city from 1979 until his death in 2012  .
we know that he was german .
the new carrier will protect chinas borders ,  shipping and trade routes .
28 states yet to fully embrace contributory pension scheme .
trent williams expects to play against giants .
if the contestant does so  ,  the question s value is doubled  ,  and the opponent has to either answer the question or `` double back   ,  which quadruples the point value and forces the person who the question was given to to answer  .
it is at least 30 , 000 dollars .
some rim fire areas open .
it could stop skin cancer .
he reached the rank of lieutenant-colonel in 1834  ,  and in 1837 received the royal hanoverian guelphic order ( kh )  ,  third class  .
loretta lynn honored with medal of freedom .
d . c . ’s children’s hospital gets 12 acres at former walter reed campus .
can a pop song prepare us for the end of the world ?  .
ismael produced heavy rainfall farther to the north  .
why barry trotz kept dmitry orlov in the lineup .
analysts suggest that the market for these types of peripheral rhythm games may be stagnant for three to five years after which they may resurge on new consoles or based on different distribution models such as a stronger focus on downloadable content  .
this is a big risk .
it is induced by a combination of surface tension modification of water by ethanol together with ethanol evaporating faster than water  .
former microsoft senior program manager charged with rape .
the old man is not injured .
the woman was about 50 when she died .
it begins when rebel soldiers close some bridges in istanbul .
jason pierre-paul returns to giants on one-year contract .
31 people joined the committee at the conference : eighteen official delegates from national governments  ,  six delegates from other non-governmental organizations  ,  and seven non-official foreign delegates  .
should banks tie bonuses to the number of women in senior roles ?  .
sertorius no certainty to contest sydney cup .
caulfield junction post office opened in 1923 and is still open  .
in most heat engines  ,  a bit more than half is wasted as excess heat ( see : second law of thermodynamics )  .
he was the son of gabriel canaveri and margarita jugluns  ,  but hispanicized his original name to canaverys later on  .
these are used to give a formal description of concepts  ,  terms  ,  and relationships within a given area of knowledge  .
he goes up to the owner of it .  he starts to touch the owner .
fungi and plants use other structures to organize their microtubules  .
on 19 august the italians took control of berbera and then moved down the coast to complete their conquest of british somaliland  .
dakota johnson was a ‘diva’ on ‘fifty shades freed’ set ?  .
one year later  ,  smith and esposito would help the black hawks to the stanley cup final  .
new zealands deputy leader said it was unacceptable behaviour .
the game was released on november 8  ,  2011  .
the process of cyclone formation and intensification is described as cyclogenesis  .
conventional power plants emit the heat created as a byproduct of electricity generation into the environment through cooling towers  ,  as flue gas  ,  or by other means  .
charles sturt ( 28 april 1795 - 16 june 1869 ) was a british army officer who became an early explorer of australia  .
the man tries to put it on his motorbike ,  but another man from the van shoots him .
college football conference races: what’s at stake .
london has a new mayor .  he is a son of a bus driver .  he is a former lawyer .
miriam stoppard joins world walk .
find a girl who is like your mother .
the nsa helps to stop cyber-attacks .
house intelligence committee chairman aims to hold top fbi ,  doj officials in contempt .
google said people usually wait six to eight years before they get help .
his older sister was nancy lafon gore  ,  who was born in 1938  ,  died of lung cancer in 1984  .
he is the youngest european leader .
storms knock down trees and power lines .
some people do not like this .
the scientists grew lettuce in it .
tnt post expands final mile deliveries into greater manchester .
the prison is in brazil .  the prisoners start fighting .
in 1953 ,  44 firefighters were injured when a store on h street ne exploded .
vote-by-mail and early voting has begun .
parents can now get refunds for purchases their kids made on amazon apps without permission .
he was known for his role as jett jackson in the famous jett jackson and as chris comer in the movie friday night lights  .
the city was founded in 1756 as santa bárbara de samaná  ,  by the spanish governor francisco rubio y peñaranda  .
mines and antitank obstacles were planted on the beaches themselves  ,  and underwater obstacles and mines were placed in waters just off shore  .
saprophytic species of penicillium and aspergillus are among the best-known representatives of the eurotiales  .
the fawn goes to a centre for animals .  it gets better
famous historical visitors include william wallace and mary queen of scots  .
in addition to sale of conventional merchandise  ,  jcpenney stores are often home to several leased departments such as optical  ,  portrait studios  ,  jewelry & watch repair  ,  etc .   .
he was named the 1999 nfl mvp at the end of the season  .
pups are born on small drifting ice floes in shallow waters  .
there is a similar ceremony in athens ,  too
it happens every year .
glen is shown looking at women s clothes in a shop window  .
as a result of an `` end-of-year download rush  in the week ending 30 december 2012  ,  the track made it on the us billboard hot 100 at number 98  .
it orbits jupiter at a distance of ~ 222 , 000 km ( 3 . 11 jupiter radii )  .
mundell lowe ,  versatile and elegant jazz guitarist ,  dies at 95 .
sing : chapter 1 is a studio album from country superstar wynonna judd  ,  to be released on february 3  ,  2009  .
more than 5 , 000 people in dundee live with too much noise .
class ii ( dna transposons ) : by contrast  ,  the cut-and-paste transposition mechanisms of class ii transposons do not involve an rna intermediate  .
grand central terminal ( gct ) - often popularly ( and incorrectly ) called grand central station or simply grand central - is a terminal station at 42nd street and park avenue in midtown manhattan in new york city  .
the district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of eisenberg  ,  jena and stadtroda  .
tyson  ,  percy  ,  and annabeth  ,  after saving camp half-blood from two fire-breathing bulls  ,  set out to find polyphemus  ,  who believes that grover is a female cyclops and not a satyr  .
messier 49 is 4 . 1 ° west-southwest of the star epsilon virginis  .
later the landmasses would recombine to form the most recent supercontinent  ,  pangaea  .
6 million kilometres from the earth .  in the images ,  you can see how the earth rotates
the medium is a two-act opera with words and music by gian carlo menotti  .
the flora and fauna are similar to other southern antarctic marine regions  .
it became a post office during the 19th century  ,  and is now owned by the national trust  .
the astronauts do experiments with them .  the dragon returns to earth in may
the library opened in 1856  ,  with a collection of 3 , 800 books chosen by sir redmond  ,  the president of trustees  .
there are hundreds of them .  they are females .
pilot program to address food access among poor children .
mother of ‘affluenza’ teen ethan couch released on bond .
the colors used were got from many substances  ,  some of which were imports from distant lands  .
johnny manziel meets with nfl investigator ,  reportedly won’t be disciplined .
he had a fight with thumb in a dressing room at the museum  .
every student may feel overwhelmed when they spend days on end in the library and sleepless nights working on the computer trying to ensure that all their essays ,  term papers ,  and other projects were submitted on time .
film makers made loud bangs for special effects .
election commission issues notice to mp minister kailash vijayvargiya .
the superhero movie black panther is breaking records .
they were the twin towers .
lebron james is the clear mvp of the playoffs .
two kansas city men arrested in gorham .
tyler was born liv rundgren at mount sinai hospital in new york city  ,  new york  .
d . c .  police name the suspect who was shot saturday night at union station .
he died last friday .  he was ill .
`` hayk  studio of documental movies is currently working on a documentary about william saroyan  ,  dedicated to the renowned armenian american writer s 100th anniversary  .
the athenians and eretrians succeeded in capturing and burning sardis  ,  but were forced to retreat with heavy losses  .
rockville can lead the way on smoke-free outdoor dining .
during his reign  ,  mobutu built a highly centralized state and amassed a large personal fortune through economic exploitation and corruption  ,  leading some to call his rule `` kleptocracy  .
on 1 october 1825  ,  the king laid down the foundation stone beneath the altar of the future royal chapel  .
the uci protour is a series of bicycle road races organised by the world governing body the international cycling federation ( union cycliste internationale - the uci ) the protour is the top grade of races for the top 20 cycling teams  .
these names were replaced in the 2007 season by andrea  ,  ingrid  ,  and melissa  .
the eastern orthodox  ,  oriental orthodox  ,  and eastern catholic churches may have small differences in their lists of accepted books  .
trump: ‘i don’t remember much’ about meeting with papadopoulos ,  campaign adviser who has pleaded guilty .
pope innocent was involved in italian and european political disputes  ,  chiefly with louis xiv of france in december 1688  ,  innocent received the diplomatic mission sent to the vatican by narai  ,  the king of siam  .
all top four seeds reach last 16 at uk championship .
nine nations are members : benin  ,  burkina faso  ,  cameroon  ,  chad  ,  côte divoire  ,  guinea  ,  mali  ,  niger and nigeria  .
the smell is so bad that you cannot have the fruit in hotels or on the bus or train .
people make a copy of the movie .  they send the copy to america
ellmers opposes us military action in syria .
there was a statue of the goldsmith with the woman .
nbc plans to air miniseries about hillary clinton .
an art critic talks about the mural .  the mural shows that it is still difficult to be a black person on the streets
mike tomlin isnt down with leveon bells rap tracks ,  im too old  .
marie louise dorléans was born at the palais royal in paris and was the eldest daughter of philippe of france and henrietta of england  .
it is cleaner not to touch something .  ultrahaptics can be used for virtual reality ,  too .
young chinese women are spending $30 million a month on a dating app called love and producer .
a red bull-calf and red boar were added to the sacrifices made on the vulcanalia  ,  at least in that part of town  .
it produced at least 225 brake horsepower ( 168 kw ) at 9000 rpm  .
rise against is an american punk rock band from chicago  ,  illinois  .
saints promote linebacker kyle knox .
four libraries in australia have robots .
cobalt ( ii  ,  iii ) oxide is a chemical compound  .
someone said the protestors were frightening .
on 7 december  ,  2005  ,  williams became the fourth team to sign an extension to the agreement  .
he defended his championship against edge and jericho in a triple threat match on the april 16 episode of smackdown  ,  and against randy orton in an extreme rules match at the extreme rules pay-per-view  .
punch s wife was originally `` joan   .
this was a time of resurgence for democrats in maine  ,  at that time a traditionally maine republican party state  .
‘family is forever’: derek jeter’s number retired at yankee stadium .
‘i’m about 20 feet up a tree , ’ texas flood victim tells news anchors during shocking interview .
blaze in southeast washington injures resident and firefighter .
the calendar has a 12-year cycle of the animal zodiac and a 10-year cycle of heavenly stems  .
jamshid amouzegar ,  former iranian prime minister ,  dies at 93 .
he invaded india in 326 bc  ,  but was forced to turn back at the demand of his troops  .
christian county deputies chased fleeing vehicle through springfield streets .
the klingon language institute ( kli ) is an organization who helps to teach and learn the klingon language  .
only fertilised eggs grow into females  ,  unfertilised ones grow into males  .
researchers looked at the health of 45 female monkeys .
the lobbyists also created lobbying against their own clients to force them to pay for lobbying services  .
some services are combined with cornwall and the islands are still part of the ceremonial county of cornwall  .
she has no mobile phone signal .
there are not many leopards in nature today .
they say he knew his comments would offend muslims .
the widows dance at the festival .
as an aragonese party ( par ) political person  ,  she was in office from 2003 to 2007  .
it is not dangerous .  it only eats small fish
this is india’s first hand transplant .
hamas intensified its rocket and mortar attacks against southern israel  ,  reaching the major cities of beersheba and ashdod for the first time  .
the pieces are carefully heated with exclusion of air and then pressed into one mass by intense hydraulic pressure  ,  the softened amber being forced through holes in a metal plate  .
georgia avenue boasts bright red bus lanes .
in 1935  ,  this was followed by the design of experiments  ,  which also became a standard  .
treasurer of the state of illinois holds responsibility for the safekeeping and investment of the monies and securities deposited in the public funds of illinois  .
ticket to dreams is an education .
a psp port of the original game was released in japan in december 2006 in north america and europe in july 2007  .
his wife died in 1835  .
baldwin vi of flanders ( c .  1030-1070 )  ,  called baldwin de mons was a frankish nobleman  .
in 1839 georges-auguste leschot joined `` vacheron & constantin   .
pigment of any color is suspended in the acacia gum to get in watercolor paint  .
justin bieber ( born march 1  ,  1994 in stratford  ,  ontario  ,  canada ) is a canadian pop singer and actor  .
the train is cheaper than a plane and faster than a ship .
he has an intellectual disability  ,  antonio competes in t20 ( track ) and f20 ( field ) events  .
from 1968  ,  foster worked with american architect richard buckminster fuller until fuller died in 1983  .
here some news from western australia .  it is about two dolphins .
dreieich is a city in the offenbach rural district in the state of hesse  ,  germany  .
union membership remained steady in 2017 .  the trend may not hold .  .
the mantophasmids were originally described from old museum specimens that found in namibia ( mantophasma zephyrum ) and tanzania ( m .  subsolanum )  ,  and from a 45-million-year-old specimen of baltic amber ( raptophasma kerneggeri )  .
the celtic league is a group of people from the six modern celtic nations of ireland  ,  scotland  ,  wales  ,  brittany  ,  cornwall and the isle of man  .
a confusing proposal to reform the ‘mens rea’ of federal criminal law .
people make a model of a house .
the panicked animals race up the valley slopes  .
in march ,  the washington post had more than 988 million page views and 73 million users .
henry  ,  as count of the cotentin  ,  established his first power base there and in the adjoining avranchin to the south during the hundred years war  ,  king edward iii of england landed in the bay of la hogue  ,  and then came to the church of quettehou in val de saire  .
only the pilot stays on the balloon .
the criminals are in a gang .  they want to help their boss .
in the waters where he served  ,  he saved such large number of people with such effectiveness that the survival statistics increased dramatically  .
12 hours later the jma followed suit while the system was about 800 km ( 500 mi ) to the southeast of manila in the philippines  .
the sawflies are a group of largely plant-eating ( herbivorous ) insects  .
among the features linking theropods to birds are the three-toed foot  ,  a furcula ( wishbone )  ,  air-filled bones  ,  feathers and brooding of the eggs  .
cadbury wants to protect her taste buds .  the company insures her taste buds for 1 million pounds .
due to the low cost of brown coal in victoria and pressure from the anti-nuclear movement  ,  the sec decided not to build a nuclear plant and instead continued to build brown coal plants  .
where snowzilla fits into d . c . ’s top 10 snowstorms .
they said `` season two continues to deliver the strongest telecasts for any drama in basic cable history  .
the county also has barber-scotia college  ,  the cabarrus college of health sciences ( a four year college )  ,  and a branch of rowan-cabarrus community college  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
cuénod he studied at the ribaupierre institute in lausanne  ,  at the conservatories in geneva and basel  ,  and in vienna  .
research shows that the risk of dying early was 50% lower for people who mixed with their family and friends .
longevity has been a topic not only for the scientific community but also for writers of science fiction and utopian novels  .
plank jacks with feet on sliding discs .
kathy griffin shows kim k portrait of herself ,  painted by parent-killer erik menendez .
inside  ,  the barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of firewood and coal  .
the dentist who became one of the richest people in washington .
the name `` nguni  comes from the cow breed called nguni cattle  .
they do not like it .  they protest against the afd
in 1570  ,  he moved to rome and opened a workshop and made a series of works  .
the singer building was the tallest building in the world from 1908 to 1909  .
in 1895  ,  john perry  ,  a former assistant to kelvin  ,  produced an age of earth estimate of 2 to 3 billion years old using a model of a convective mantle and thin crust  .
three people injured after porch roof collapse in frostburg ,  md .  .
army corps of engineers reduces flow from lake o .
there is good and bad news about trees .
large numbers of african slaves and european ( mostly spanish ) immigrants came to cuba and brought their own forms of music to the island  .
the year after the marriage geoffrey s father left for jerusalem to marry the heiress of the kingdom of jerusalem  .
thanks to spofforth  ,  the ` demon bowler   ,  who took 14 wickets in the match  ,  australia won by 7 runs and the legend of the ashes was born  .
bernie sanders is finally campaigning for hillary clinton .  but does she even need him ?  .
it weakened into a strong category 3 late in the afternoon of september 7 as it headed for landfall on the northeastern coastline of cuba that evening  .
as for the portraits  ,  they are tinged with naturalism  ,  under the influence of roman art  .
rough seas killed one surfer in pinellas county  ,  florida  .
hubel and wiesel received the nobel prize for two major contributions : in one experiment  ,  done in 1959  ,  they inserted a microelectrode into the primary visual cortex of an anesthetized cat  .
she asks to marry him .
the 10th dorobanţi regiment beat the soviet forces at lozovaya  .
the country of mexico is divided into states .  the state of mexico is one of them .
a drone race takes place in england .
the lake system formed over underlying river deltas and shifted in the flat landscape with slight tectonic movements the green river formation contains the largest oil shale deposits in the world  .
ariana grande to give benefit concert in manchester .
she went school with in-depth study of languages  .
around 1 , 000 pakistani women are killed by their families every year
people like the new product .  it is something original
former military attorney gets two life terms in attack on a lawyer and his wife .
a 13-year-old boy called gavin arvizo accused him of sexual abuse in 2003  .
anthology co-produced by adams  ,  robert lange and bob clearmountain  ,  peaked at number 65 on the billboard 200  .
consider a hill whose height above sea level at a point is  .
at 4:00 a . m .  ( local time )  ,  they reached the main road near seven mile ford  ,  virginia where breckinridge waited for daylight before continuing  .
both texts mention the word `` yoghurt  in different sections and describe how it was used  .
train derails ,  crashes through building .
the u . s .  patent and trademark office is committed to improving quality .
the first london edition came out in may 1852  .
they move the dog to safety .  they reunite him with his family
most communication on the simple english wikipedia takes place in an open  ,  public  ,  reviewable manner ( even personal `` talk page  messages can be read by anybody )  .
two banks robbed in fairfax county; arrest made after one .
in 2012  ,  he won the asturian sports press association award for best male athlete  .
as the sea level rose higher  ,  most of these continental islands were covered by water  .
reports of the of a fifth column ( enemy agents acting in a country ) in scandinavia caused fears that the netherlands also had german agents and traitors  .
hurricane cindy formed on july 3 just east of the yucatán peninsula in the caribbean sea  .
third man is arrested in death of of au graduate caught in crossfire .
their name comes from hou  ,  a norman\/guern ésiais word meaning islets  .
but in 1989  ,  smith s earned run average ( era ) was at 4 . 75 at the end of the season  ,  higher than his era in 1988 when it was at 3 . 69  .
at that time  ,  busan was the first international port  .
he overthrew the persian king darius iii and conquered the entire persian empire  .
bahadur shah ruled over a mughal empire that barely extended beyond delhi s red fort  .
in addition  ,  small groups language isolates such as burusho and brahui-speaking peoples also live in the country  .
the williams  bon chretien pear  ,  commonly called the williams pear  ,  or bartlett pear in the u . s .  and canada  ,  is the most commonly grown variety of pear in most countries outside asia  .
she finds the cat and the baby .
however ,  a train crash happens .
it is widely used by a number of christian denominations for both liturgical and catechetical purposes  ,  most visibly by liturgical churches of western tradition  ,  including the latin rite of the roman catholic church  ,  lutheranism  ,  the anglican communion  ,  and western orthodoxy  .
water from the susurluk  ,  biga ( granicus ) and gonen rivers reduces the salinity of the sea  .
by age 16  ,  80 % of children with anaphylaxis to milk or eggs and 20 % with a single case of anaphylaxis to peanuts are able to eat these foods without problems  .
her life has been the focus of several tributes  ,  including the play my name is rachel corrie  ,  the cantata the skies are weeping and more than 30 songs  .
ricketts  father died when he was seven and his mother died when he was fourteen  .
one of them is prince harry .
they are joined by the eyre highway across the inland edge  ,  and the flinders highway and lincoln highway along the west and east coasts  .
elena brankov ,  15 ,  said it was to teach creativity and share ideas .
hundreds of endangered tortoises seized in malaysia .
august belmont  ,  sr .  ( 8 december 1813-24 november 1890 ) was born in alzey  ,  hesse  ,  to a jewish family  .
in 1938  ,  he was made reader in embryology at university college london  .
they turn them into 3d models .  you can see these models in the science museum in london
the balkans are connected by water on three sides : the black sea to the east and branches of the mediterranean sea to the south and west ( including the adriatic  ,  ionian  ,  aegean and marmara seas )  .
ratify the trans-pacific partnership .
they ask him questions .  they want to learn
it is the official language of the indian states of punjab and haryana  .

if everything goes well ,  the plane will fly around the world .  the flight will take five days and nights .
a photo of britains prince george made an animal charity angry .
after a short time  ,  the executioners entered the room  ,  led by yurovsky  .
he had more than $ 2 billion when he died  .
however the shear stopped as franklin moved to the northeast  ,  allowing the storm to strengthen  .
eduard strasburger  ,  walther flemming  ,  and the belgian edouard van beneden laid the basis for the cytology and cytogenetics of the 20th century  .
alberto then quickly weakened back into a tropical storm  ,  moved back to the west  ,  and died near the florida keys  ,  florida  ,  on june 6  .
among his earliest memories was the marching of prussian and austrian troops into kiel during the danish-prussian war of 1864  .
the laws do not say that it is ok .  police can make people pay $600 if they do this
gene gutowski ,  holocaust survivor who produced roman polanski films ,  dies at 90 .
president obama’s ‘catastrophic’ decision to watch baseball after the brussels attacks .
european car builders later adopted the v10 configuration  .
would this climate change initiative really be unprecedented ?  .
tractor industry sale plunges by 43 per cent .
in february 1847 whittaker became a member of the botanical society of london and he swapped plant samples between 1849 to 1853 with its members  .
com .
she married a photographer and later george lascelles  ,  7th earl of harewood  ,  a cousin of queen elizabeth ii  .
wozzeck becomes determined that if he can not have marie  ,  no one else can  ,  and he stabs her  .
others come quickly to help .  they find one person .
sterling jewelry ,  parent company of kay and jared jewelry stores ,  faces sexual harassment lawsuit .
lingering questions about the nfl’s return to los angeles .
white house warns north korea not to test u . s .  resolve ,  offering syria and afghanistan strikes as examples .
people are afraid that many passengers are trapped in the train .  people try to get inside the broken train and help them .
3d is the final studio album by american girl group tlc  .
it was later sold to everyone as keynote 1 . 0  ,  competing against other presentation software  ,  especially microsoft powerpoint  .
gute zeiten  ,  schlechte zeiten ( english : good times  ,  bad times ) is a german soap opera  .
following their return to london  ,  she was left in the care of her maternal grandmother  ,  ruby  ,  while her mother traveled across europe with the dance troupe fantastica  .
a worker at the 2 , 000-year-old pompeii talked about the letters .
again  ,  there is a single shared domicile for the colony members  ,  and the non-breeding members act to defend it  .
he loves nails .  he eats them .
some very tiny charcoal was found  ,  but it could have come from a natural brush fire  .
martin sheen is the only cast member to have won a golden globe  ,  and he and allison janney are the only cast members to win a sag award ( for best actor and best actress )  .
the levels of duke nukem 3d take the player outdoors and indoors  ,  on the street  ,  inside military bases  ,  deserts  ,  flooded cities  ,  space stations  ,  moon bases and japanese villas  .
this type of people never hear anything .
keble is one of the larger colleges  ,  with 435 undergraduates and 245 graduate students  .
animators can work in many areas including movies  ,  television  ,  video games  ,  and the internet  .
puerto rico’s electric power authority likely to get emergency manager ,  over governor’s objections .
most recently he has worked with gwen stefani on her solo albums and on u2 s 2004 release how to dismantle an atomic bomb  ,  for which he won a grammy award  .
beckham refuses to criticize ferguson .
home and remodeling show comes to chantilly .
young greek women selling sex for the price of a sandwich ,  new study shows .
lack of shooting prowess continues to doom the boston celtics .
new york times co .  selling boston globe to john w .  henry .
washington spirit trades ali krieger to orlando pride .
‘still got it’: john mayer shares hospital gown selfie after emergency surgery .
greenfield was married to an oxford university professor of physical chemistry  ,  peter atkins ; they divorced in 2005  .
brissot made a petition and a huge crowd came to the champs de mars to sign it  .
it is estimated that the plague of justinian killed as many as 100 million people across the world  ,  because it returned about every twelve years till 770 when it stopped for about 500 years  .
tickets may be valid for a single ( or return ) trip  ,  or valid within a certain area for a period of time  .
five dead after gunmen open fire during evening prayers at quebec city mosque ,  reuters reports .
turkish minister for economy files resignation note .
there have been some calls to add one to express the spirit and aspirations embodied in the constitution  .
abderrahman ait khamouch ( born november 9  ,  1986 ) is a t46 paralympic track and field athlete from spain  .
many full motion video cutscenes were animated for hotel mario  .
it includes two songs from the original movie  ,  `` that s all i need  and `` hakuna matata   ,  reperformed by nathan lane who took over the role of voicing the character timon  .
she was the youngest person to be given the cecil b .  demille award for lifetime achievement in the movie industry  .
dr ghadri said our body thinks happy and sad events are similar .
the main goals of the civil rights movement includes that the rights of all people are equally protected by the law  ,  including the rights of minorities  .
joe heim to join education team .
a queen may mate with more than one tom when she is in heat  ,  and different kittens in a litter may have different fathers  .
a detailed  ,  twelve-page building contract for magnolia hall still exists  .
they say that the players will play more carefully without the helmets .
he joined the eleventh doctor ( matt smith ) as a companion in the middle of series 5  .
`` the tell-tale heart  is one of poe s most famous short stories  ,  and it is widely considered a classic of the gothic fiction genre  .
the blacknose shark ( carcharhinus acronotus ) is a species of requiem shark  ,  in the genus carcharhinus  .
class-action lawsuit seeks damages for those on u . s .  watch lists .
the body is in good condition .  it has wool ,  a face ,  one eye ,  an ear and teeth .  scientists want to study the body .
they find more coins .
they could therefore gain happiness by rigorous training and by living in a way which was natural for humans  .
villiers cleared of wrongdoing over lobbyist .
its success has inspired similar projects in more than 40 countries around the world and has made world bank to take an initiative to finance grameen-type schemes  .
hints from heloise: donate your anniversary .
her coaches included john nicks  ,  peter oppegard  ,  frank carroll  ,  elena tcherkasskaia  ,  richard callaghan  ,  igor pashkevich  .
there is a water pipe under the bridge .
the album included popular hit singles still d . r . e .  and forgot about dre  ,  both of which dr .  dre performed on saturday night live in 1999  .
courage  ,  a very small and dim arc during the voyager flyby  ,  was seen to flare in brightness in 1998  ,  while more recently it was back to its usual dimness but had advanced by an additional 8 ° ahead of the other arcs  .
nevertheless  ,  they are very good at moving underground and can move backward as fast as they can move forward  .
in the 1840s  ,  using newtonian mechanics  ,  urbain le verrier predicted the planet neptune existed  .
en route to parma  ,  louise élisabeth went to versailles arriving there in december 1748  .
secretary of state tillerson makes unannounced visits to afghanistan ,  iraq .
cruz manuel hernández santiago ( born december 1  ,  1972 )  ,  known by his stage name of manny manuel  ,  is a puerto rican singer  .
for the 40th anniversary of the apollo moon landing  ,  lowry digital of burbank  ,  california restored the low quality videos  .
the games at paris did not have a stadium  ,  however this was the first time women took part in the games  .
global etf and etp assets reach $2 . 22 trillion ,  a new record high .
anna university invites applications .
constitutionality of stingray use by d . c .  police is challenged .
texans to bench brian hoyer because of ongoing concussion symptoms ,  including memory loss .
she has 11 children and many grand and great-grandchildren .  she is the matriarch of the orangutan group
father-child reading leads to improvements in learning and behavior .
there are four types of chokha : in georgia  ,  the black chokha was reserved to the `` order of chokhosani   .
d . c .  police identify a suspect in georgetown killing .
they are sensitive to iron deficiency  ,  which shows on the plant as yellowing ( chlorosis ) of the youngest leaves while the leaf veins remain green  .
jose reyes’s domestic abuse charges to be dropped ,  mlb suspension still in place .
capitol hill new-construction condos are priced from $329 , 900 to $469 , 900 .
it revolved around the work of regional crime squads  ,  plain-clothes cid officers based in the fictional region of wyvern  .
with rob kelley out ,  redskins try to rebuild their running game .
the most populous city is overland park  .
often  ,  the color and fabric of the yarmulke can be a sign of adherence to a specific religious movement  .
from 1900 to 1903 he was lieutenant governor of massachusetts  .
south korea starts lifting sewol ferry ,  almost three years after disaster .
the 1996 event was marred by tragedy when pace car driver elmo langley died of a heart attack during practice  .
100 pints of blood donated in one hour .
displays include : the australian national herbarium is at the national botanic gardens  .
mosul residents say u . s . -led coalition airstrikes killed scores of people .
this can cost up to 40 million pounds .
health-care bill faces opposition from democrats ,  four gop senators .
helena nobles-jones ,  principal in three school districts ,  dies at 71 .
the washington post hosts diane von furstenberg on december 15 .
the washington post’s arc publishing enhances site performance ,  speed for partners .
one notable exception was roman herzog  ,  who was elected federal president in 1994  ,  shortly before the end of his term as president of the court  .
it is built as two separate bridges of variable depth  ,  prestressed concrete box girders  ,  separated by a 1 . 15 m ( 4 ft ) gap between the structures  .
fiery crash in harrison county leaves one man dead .
it takes 400 hours to finish .
edmund and king lune of archenland lead the fight against the calormene army and they manage to win  .
terri arrives while they are talking  .

william shakespeare s romeo + juliet is an academy award nominated 1996 american movie adaptation of william shakespeare s romantic tragedy romeo and juliet  .
there have to be some rules .
the shrine is on the left bank of the dal lake  ,  srinagar and is considered to be kashmir s holiest muslim shrine  .
the fiesta bowl is an american college football bowl game at the university of phoenix stadium near phoenix  ,  arizona  .
and he said to me ,  i’m always thinking that i’m at home .
during chinese new year  ,  mandarin oranges and tangerines are considered traditional symbols of good fortune  .
nato secretary general hits back at trump ,  saying organization is not ‘obsolete’ .
no exact dating has been possible at the type section of the ediacaran period in south australia  .
this news is from south africa .  poaching is a problem there .
mika brzezinski explains what president trump’s tweets reveal about him .
adams has called moloney s claims `` libellous  .
dessert bananas are often eaten raw ; plantains are usually cooked or otherwise processed before they are eaten  .
fear (or lack thereof) of getting caught by the tax man .
the term ` flamenco  was first recorded in the late 18th century but many believe the art form is much older  .
its last attack occurred in 1985  .
dorchester man charged with sex trafficking of a minor .
oca2 mutations close to the 5 ′ regulatory region explain most human eye-color variation  .
it is now probably equally well known as the home of the eden project ( in cornwall )  ,  aardman animations  ,  the glastonbury festival ( in somerset )  ,  trip hop music  ,  cornwall s seafood restaurants  ,  and surfing beaches  .
legendary tennis commentator bud collins dies at 86 .
u thant was appointed to a second term as secretary-general of the united nations by the general assembly on december 2  ,  1966 on the unanimous recommendation of the security council  .
west point cadets pictured in fist-raising photo did not break any rules ,  inquiry finds .
chromophores often consist of a series of conjugated bonds and\/or ring systems  ,  which can include c-c  ,  c = c  ,  c = o  ,  or n = n bonds  .
this news is from israel .
in torchwood series 1  ,  jack has been shaped by his ongoing search for the doctor and also by his role as a leader  ,  in which he is predominantly more aloof  .
study: parent groups in northwest d . c .  raise thousands for schools .
`` one step closer  is a song by american rock band linkin park  .
a billionaire tycoon thinks denmark ,  norway and sweden should be a single country .
biologists have increased the size of crops by 20 per cent .
six-year-old boy killed after being hit by a car in the district .
hammett was born on a farm in st .  mary s county  ,  in maryland  .
van ( armenian վան ) is a city in eastern turkey and the seat of van province  ,  and is on the eastern shore of lake van  .
gop lawmakers condemn trump’s tariff decision ahead of nafta talks .
william g .  bowen ,  princeton president during era of change ,  dies at 83 .
you can visit the village again .  it looks very strange
santa is a fat ,  happy man with a white beard .
the fbi paid more than $1 million to crack the san bernardino iphone .
as dance progressed into the 1800s  ,  the desire grew to dance en pointe without the aid of wires  .
fourteen people are injured .
a republican contractor’s database of nearly every voter was left exposed on the internet for 12 days ,  researcher says .
the slim  ,  elegant castles were trendsetters in many ways : they traveled with a black orchestra  ,  had an openly lesbian manager  ,  and were animal rights advocates long before it became a public issue  .
man bungee-jumps over 240 feet to dunk a cookie ,  setting a guinness world record .
solar energy generating systems ( segs ) is the name given to nine solar power plants in the mojave desert which were built in the 1980s  .
they regrouped the following year in sardis  ,  where their armies proclaimed them em peror   .
american woman wins 7 medals at invictus games .
russell westbrook dubs himself #fashionking at new york fashion week .
on april 5  ,  1965  ,  boeing announced that united airlines had ordered 40 737s  .
it is also at the southern end of the chesapeake bay bridge-tunnel  ,  the longest bridge-tunnel in the world  .
in 1911  ,  the house got a large extension for the visit of king george v and queen mary  .
brideshead revisited  ,  the sacred & profane memories of captain charles ryder is a novel by the english writer evelyn waugh  .
senate democrats seek new allies in effort to scuttle obamacare overhaul: republican governors .
after an powerbomb hart tried to lock in the sharpshooter but helmsley broke out of it and started some offensive attacks of his own  ,  kicking hart in the turnbuckle and delivering a suplex  .
minerals are natural solids formed through many geological processes under high pressures  .
the desert is beautiful ,  said little prince .
gary karr ( born 20 november 1941 )  ,  is an american classical double bass virtuoso and teacher  .
ecsu will test emergency alert system wednesday .
thomas peter thorvald kristian ferdinand mortensen ( august 16  ,  1882 - april 25  ,  1998 )  ,  known as an adult as christian mortensen  ,  was a danish-american supercentenarian  .
they used the word to describe the rainbow of colors in visible light when separated using a prism  .
victor amadeus iii ( vittorio amadeo maria ; 26 june 1726-16 october 1796 ) was king of sardinia from 1773 until his death  .
his collection is very big .  there are 6 , 000 barbie dolls in his collection .
ryan seacrest to sign multi-million dollar american idol deal  .
they look about four years older .
he dies of cancer .  his family and friends are with him when he dies
after the 2002 season  ,  the expansion was completed by adding a free standing upper deck in the north end zone  .
many of these have come under the care of historic scotland and the unesco world heritage site committee  .
strike on islamic state killed up to 150 militants ,  u . s .  military says .
somebody put the skeletons into the water for fun .
marseille attacker was released the day before deadly knife assault .
a kenyan high court has stopped the worlds largest refugee camp from closing .
however  ,  nasals are also stops in their articulation because the flow of air through the mouth is blocked completely  .
its legs were powerful  ,  but it was not a fast runner  .
it was named after a daughter of aether and hemera from greek mythology  .
providence is at the mouth of the providence river  ,  at the head of narragansett bay  .
osobio appoints director of manufacturing .
there are many killer whales .  we think that there are 50 , 000 of them in the world
copper ( ii ) bromide  ,  also known as cupric bromide  ,  is a chemical compound  .
eagles wr riley cooper will leave team to seek counseling .
the tree also reminds us of the penola  ,  or the native aboriginal origin  .
hundreds of u . s .  court decisions to the present day have employed the dillon rule to determine the scope of municipal powers and rights  .
earlier in the tournament she beat mieko harada  ,  a housewife from kyoto  ,  japan  .
redevelopment project for rosslyn gets final approval in arlington .
frederick woman arrested in connection with saturday stabbing .
the titanosaurs were the last great group of sauropods before the cretaceous-paleogene extinction event  .
after her husband s death she lived alone until moving into a nursing home at the age of 110  .
in december 2007 gmg and apax made a successful bid to buy emap for around # 1 billion  .
the final match where standing was permitted took place on 30 april 1994  ,  chelsea the visitors for a 2-2 draw  .
when injected with substance p  ,  however  ,  the pain signaling works as it does in other mammals  ,  but only with capsaicin and not with the acids  .
molecular fragments joined by a pi bond can not rotate about that bond without breaking the pi bond  .
in 1999 rattle was made chief conductor of the orchestra when claudio abbado left  .
woman faces drunk driving charges after crashing into minivan .
once the female is finished grooming  ,  the cycle will repeat  .
the head of the u . s .  patent office has abruptly resigned .
antón came to real madrid s youth system in 2003  ,  when he was 14 years old  .
motorcyclist fatally shot after hitting police cruiser in d . c .  .
this is often in relation to protest groups that have access to many large vehicles  ,  such as truckers and farmers  .
several more poems by kupala were in the belarusian-language newspaper nasha niva from 1906 to 1907  .
diwali ads and other adverts targeted towards india are filtered out in this beam  .
another point of concern for pakistan is that kori creek has changed its course considerably over the years  .
nautiluses are only found in the tropical indian and pacific oceans  ,  from 30 ° n to 30 ° s latitude and 90 ° to 185 ° w longitude  .
however  ,  iaşi  ,  the largest city in nord-est is one of the rich cities of the region  .
in june 2007  ,  20th century fox acquired feature movie rights to the book  .
his interest in india was also because of his interest in biological research  ,  belief that the warm climate would do him good and that india offered him freedom and shared socialist dreams  .
gaston coeurdoux and others had made observations of the same type  .
he first appeared during the identity crisis tour 2010  ,  and makes his first onscreen appearance in dunham s fourth special  ,  jeff dunham : controlled chaos  .
keys was compared to artists such as aretha franklin  ,  stevie wonder  ,  billie holiday  ,  prince and lauryn hill  .
at lower temperatures  ,  sn1 and e1 reactions are competitive reactions  .
he competed in the world wrestling federation in 1995 where he portrayed a japanese villain named hakushi ( white messenger )  .
banks took part in captain james cook s first great voyage from 1768 to 1771  .
people from india worship monkeys .
there are only around 2 , 200 pandas in the world .
bloomberg began his career at salomon brothers before forming his company in 1981 and became its chairman and ceo  .
italy edges closer for world cup by defeating bulgaria .
to perform a legal break  ,  either a ball must be pocketed in a called pocket or the cue ball and at least two additional colored balls must touch rails  .
blake treinen gets the save in his first chance as the nationals’ new closer .
here is some news from england .  people see a jellyfish .
how much will i pay ?  peter asks .
the boeing model 200 monomail was an american mail plane  .
17-year-old arrested in severe beating last month on metro .
wind engineering needs information from meteorology  ,  fluid dynamics  ,  mechanics  ,  and a number of special engineering disciplines including aerodynamics  ,  and structural dynamics  .
the dalmatian pelican is a big bird .  it can be 6 feet long (1 .
she also stated that when selena had tried to open the door  ,  she asked her to leave the door closed  .
muzaffarnagar riots worse than in gujarat: .
a spokesperson was proud of the carrier .  it shows china is a modern and strong country .
common application makes more changes for 2017-2018 college admissions season .
road rage incident leads to life sentence .
the nurse shark ( ginglymostoma cirratum ) is a bottom-dwelling shark  ,  and is the only known species in the genus ginglymostoma  .
he wants to make something better .
it borders three other provinces  ,  the indian ocean  ,  and the countries of mozambique  ,  swaziland  ,  and lesotho  .
by measuring the properties from a star s spectrum  ,  the position of a main sequence star on the h-r diagram can be found  .
the investigative film festival returns for a second edition .
yale graduate students look to unionize after labor board ruling .
like some european travellers of that period  ,  such as walter medhurst  ,  fortune disguised himself as a chinese merchant during several of his journeys into parts of china that were prohibited to him  .
sometimes the damage includes spray-painting of buildings and homes  .
seafloor spreading helps explain continental drift in plate tectonics  .
examples : female sterility in drosophila ; and polymorphism in insects  ,  especially in relation to mimicry  .
these receptors also work in severe illness  ,  including shock and systemic inflammation as it occurs in the course of an infection  .
burkhalter officially enters race for lieutenant governor .
sheriff in anne arundel county arrested and charged in domestic violence case .
uzbekistan to ban import of non-iodized salt .
washington wizards can’t make free throws ,  and it’s costing them .
facebook opens office in montreal .
people hold a festival in northeast china .
he died in wellfleet  ,  massachusetts on cape cod  ,  on 13 may 2011  .
johannes kepler ( 27 december 1571 - 15 november 1630 ) was a german astronomer  .
until 1972  ,  bergen was a county  ,  but today it is a municipality in the county of hordaland  .
south african president jacob zuma survives no-confidence vote by parliament .
metro service returns to normal after earlier delays .
the bowser administration is committed to affordable housing .
blutengel ( german : blood angel ) are a german futurepop musical group with a gothic appearance  .
the usa is not happy about this
two senators aim to challenge trump’s transgender troops order in defense bill .
rembrandt harmenszoon van rijn ( leiden  ,  15 july 1606 - amsterdam  ,  4 october 1669 ) was a famous dutch painter and artist  .
how to make a simple summer meal ,  in 3 1/2 recipes .
carver was a deacon in leiden about 1609 at about age 25  ,  and was born sometime before 1584  .
on august 26  ,  2008  ,  christine was found guilty of the murders and the assault on the mother  .
winter weather brings school delays tuesday in the d . c .  region .
by the end of the century  ,  the petrels were thought to be extinct  .
barr joined the libertarian party in 2006  ,  and until may 2008 served on its national committee  .
she helps them .  people put the pandas into an incubator .
it would continue to backlash where batista and triple h had a rematch for the world heavyweight title  .
man fatally shot in northeast washington .
he was the governor of oslo and akershus  ,  chairman of the board of energy  ,  minister of the interior  ,  and minister of trade  .
the event is part of world breastfeeding week .
cedars are trees up to 30-40 metres ( 98-131 ft ) ( occasionally 60 metres ( 200 ft ) ) tall with spicy-scented wood  ,  thick ridged or square-cracked bark  ,  and broad  ,  level branches  .
browns owner art modell fired carson halfway through the 1990 season  ,  which ended with a 3-13 record  .
celtic and roman coins and artifacts show that people continued to be settled in the area pre-writing  .
the city of perm became the administrative center of the new federal subject  .
an equal rights group said touching people was wrong .
the challenge of water systems is not just about public vs .  private .
federal employee health insurance premiums to rise by 6 . 1 percent .
their role is to phagocytose ( engulf and then digest ) cellular debris and pathogens either as stationary or as mobile cells  .
after that  ,  he served in the medical corps of the u . s .  army and the reserve corps to finish his medical training  .
he thought it would make the album `` exotic  ( different ) from other spanish-language albums  .
valentin berlinsky ( born irkutsk  ,  19 january  ,  1925 ; died 15 december  ,  2008 ) was a russian cellist  .
man ,  77 ,  is killed at retirement community in the fairfax city area .
a rainforest cafe is also at the entrance of the oasis  ,  but it is outside the park boundaries  .
chris christie calls for pension reform .
skiers in southern russia ski on the orange snow .  this is a very rare thing .
algebraic geometry is a branch of mathematics studying zeros of polynomial equations  .
the coral turns white .  there is no life in it .
the first modern commercial power plant that used three-phase alternating current was at the mill creek hydroelectric plant near redlands  ,  california in 1893  .
on march 28  ,  1646  ,  ormonde  ,  on behalf of the king  ,  signed another treaty with the confederates  .
between 500 and 600 bullfights take place in peru every year .
this news is about a woman .  she lives in china .
military flights by the u . s .  air force s air mobility command still use bwi  .
plutarch ( 46-120 ad ) is the source of the most substantial surviving account of the sacred band  .
the female then swims away until the next morning  ,  and the male vacuums up food through his snout  .
when emperor shōwa became emperor of japan  ,  ponsonby was the only non-japanese guest who was invited to witness the ceremonies from a special place in front of the palace s kenreimon gate  .
in addition to its undergraduate liberal arts program  ,  dartmouth has medical  ,  engineering  ,  and business schools  ,  as well as 19 graduate programs in the arts and sciences  .
many people wear traditional german clothing .
caci to acquire l-3’s government services division for $550 million .
it could get much easier to register to vote in maryland .
illinois group sues obama administration over transgender students’ bathroom access .
the milky way has a diameter of 100 , 000 light years  ,  and is a barred spiral galaxy  .
forestville high teacher arrested after admitting to sexual contact with student ,  police say .
they compete in 11 sports .  one of the sports is the hot air balloon competition .
in 1956 he was invited by thomas armstrong to teach at the royal academy of music  .
new play camp david retraces 1978 peace accord .
the perfume was unisex .  this means that it was for both sexes – for both men and women
after the reign of gregory iii  ,  there were no other non-european popes until pope francis in 2013  .
are you sad ?  do you want to be happier ?  you can try laughter yoga .
the goombas are designed after a kind of mushroom called shiitake  .
radcliffe-brown used the words `` rainbow serpent  to describe this common  ,  recurring myth  .
in 686  ,  the community was taken over by ceolfrid  ,  and wearmouth monastery and its other site in jarrow became very important places of learning in anglo-saxon england  .
the snake has an egg in it .  she cannot let the egg out .
john mccain ,  republican senator from arizona ,  diagnosed with brain tumor .
richard john `` rick  santorum ( born may 10  ,  1958 ) is an american lawyer and politician  .
four suspects wanted in robbery and assault incident that happened near convention center .
french president emmanuel macron has a large funeral procession for hallyday .
warlimpirrnga s father died when he was a young boy  .
a large synchrotron laboratory will have many beamlines  ,  each optimized for a particular field of research  .
the town was badly damaged by tsunamis ( or very big waves ) started by the 1964 good friday earthquake ; thirteen people died because of the waves that were 13 m ( 43 ft ) tall  .
dick maugg ,  silent pitchman for bartles & jaymes wine coolers ,  dies at 83 .
mariah carey puts home on market for $12 . 99 million .
ike weakened back to a category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to category 4  .
this led to her getting a doctor of letters degree by macquarie university in 1993  .
former head of virginia regional transit pleads guilty in bribery scheme .
they say that the sandcastle is the highest sandcastle in the world .
beginning on september 28  ,  2009  ,  roberts took over the raw announcing job from lilian garcia  .
google wants to expand into the real world .  google wants to expand into the real world .
the band became bothered by major label music business and being under contract were very lucky to be set free by 679 recordings  .
supreme court won’t let north carolina use strict voting law .
small-town struggles fuel competitive dna of josh norman and bashaud breeland .
the first ever indoor water park was built in edmonton  ,  alberta  ,  canada in 1985 at the west edmonton mall as part of the $ 1 . 2 billion dollar phase iii expansion  .
his body spins in five circles .  all of this happens at the same time .
today  ,  most didgeridoo playing is for entertainment in both indigenous australian communities and elsewhere around the world  .
which tech gifts should you buy this holiday season ?  .
‘na na na na .  hey hey hey .  goodbye . ’ co-author of immortal lyric is dead at 75 .  .
they can contract and dilate their pupils  ,  like humans  ,  something no teleost fish can do  .
30-year-old man dies after being trapped under car in silver spring .
cadmium sulfide is a yellow orange solid  .
she is from england .  she wants to be an organ donor .
shortly before starting work on doctor who  ,  she was one of the main characters in the horror movie spirit trap alongside russian pop star alsou  ,  released in the summer of 2005 to bad reviews  .
instant messaging may be done in a friend-to-friend network  ,  in which each node connects to the friends on the friendslist  .
rumors about the templars  secret initiation ceremony created mistrust  ,  and king philip iv of france  ,  deeply in debt to the order  ,  began pressuring pope clement v to take action against the order  .
sorry ,  angie !  brad pitt spotted on steamy date with elle macpherson .
oats are also an substance used in many cold cereals  ,  in particular muesli and granola  .
a silent stroke is different than a transient ischemic attack ( tia )  .
this happens in orlando ,  florida .
mary tudor ( 28 march 1495 - 25 june 1533 ) was the youngest daughter of henry vii of england and elizabeth of york  .
he is from norway .  he is an extremist .
she eats the little bear s porridge  ,  breaks his little chair  ,  and falls asleep in his little bed  .
frequent bus breakdowns take toll on d . c .  circulator service .
when war broke out again in 1282  ,  it was entirely different  .
rock music has become more popular in recent years  ,  though the belarusian government has tried to limit the amount of foreign music aired on the radio  .
on a second vote mr tony brown ( speaker of the house of keys ) was nominated unopposed  .
leonard perroots ,  military intelligence director under reagan ,  dies at 83 .
their wages are [not going up] yet…bosses take home million-dollar bonuses .
when scott left the band in 2001  ,  rice-oxley started playing piano again and recording bass separately  .
the word valis is the acronym for vast active living intelligence system ; it is the title of a novel  .
there is a plane crash near the main airport in kyrgyzstan .
apart from the ( ito )  ,  within the ussr there was also a territorialist effort in ukraine  ,  the crimea and then in a region around birobidzhan  ,  where a jewish autonomous region was started in 1934  .
soon  ,  however  ,  she was called back to star with fred astaire in the upcoming movie royal wedding  .
the outer limit of the oort cloud defines the boundary of the solar system and the region of the sun s gravitational dominance  .
ohio state university closes main campus in columbus .
a man steals in a shop .  he wants to run away .
the woman’s bra stopped the bullet .  the woman says that god saved her
the bering land bridge is significant for several reasons  ,  not least because it is believed to have enabled human migration to the americas from asia about 25 , 000 years ago  .
even 4chan is opposing the republican plan for net neutrality .
her friend is in his car .  she hopes that he is ok .
he said this type of behavior was horrible because it was entirely based on physical attractions : nonetheless city-states that employed the practice in determining military formation enjoyed some success  .
before she hosted talk shows  ,  gifford s first television appearance was tom kennedy s singer\/sidekick on name that tune  ,  from 1974-1978  .
a man named arabanoo was captured  ,  but he died from smallpox a few months later in may 1789  .
that number will grow .
the route from from kohala to srinagar was a cart-road 132 miles in length  ,  from kohala to baramulla the road was close to the jhelum river  .
by 1967  ,  the mike douglas show had 6 , 000 , 000 viewers each day  ,  mostly women  .
leeds is a city in the county of west yorkshire in the center of england  .
we don’t know the man’s name .  he is in hospital
soon ,  people will cut off his electricity .  this situation is not only in brazil .
the london symphony orchestra ( lso ) is one of the most famous orchestras of the world  .
conwy lloyd morgan  ,  frs  ,  usually known as lloyd morgan  ,  ( 6 february 1852 - 6 march 1936 ) was a british ethologist and psychologist  .
one of these  ,  zadok the priest  ,  has been sung at every coronation ceremony since  .
ohio woman faces felony charges for faking cancer .
montreal gets new airport .
two florida teens suspected of bullying face charges .
three astronauts are at the international space station .  the international space station is 230 miles (370 kilometres) above the earth .
can d . c .  afford 16 weeks of paid leave for workers ?  that depends .  .
households in the top quintile  ,  77 % of which had two income earners  ,  had incomes exceeding $ 91 , 705  .
strangling does not have to be fatal ; limited or interrupted strangling is practiced in erotic asphyxiation  ,  in the so-called `` choking game   .
in 1997  ,  voters approved a proposition to unify the city and county governments  .
when fascism comes .
they like to play .  they play chase .
this makes relations between turkey and the usa worse
he says that the army wants to change the people who live there .  however ,  the iraqi army stops this
they put these pictures together .  they create a video like this .
on february 29 2012  ,  microsoft released a beta version of windows 8 known as the consumer preview  .
he can make your face look like anything .
gospel songs helped reba mcentire after divorce .
in 2008  ,  he competed in the ruta de la miel race and he finished ninth  .
she cannot work or study .
homeless man arrested in fatal shooting .
a new project will help people who want to work more .
some people protest against it ,  but local people keep this tradition .
this news is about a dog .  she is a girl .
a member of the bismarck family  ,  she is the great-great-granddaughter of chancellor prince otto bismarck and great-granddaughter of foreign secretary herbert  ,  prince of bismarck  .
after some time  ,  william ayers sold his printing shop to william carnan  .
scott brooks preaches defense ,  and that’s what the wizards gave him in game 4 .
in latest test ,  north korea detonates its most powerful nuclear device yet .
from 1907 until 1973  ,  there was a sartell on nearly every city council  ,  the most prominent being ripley b .  `` rip  sartell who was mayor for 31 years  .
loretta sanchez dabbed during a senate debate .
for the 2007 season  ,  toro rosso began using the ferrari 056 v8 engine  ,  taking over the contract that red bull racing broke from by switching to renault engines  .
the therocephalians are named after their large skulls  ,  which  ,  along with the structure of their teeth  ,  suggest that they were successful carnivores  .
in the real world  ,  this is not true : alaska as part of the united states  ,  nakhchivan as part of azerbaijan  ,  and kaliningrad as part of russia are not contiguous  .
pagano has previously served as the defensive coordinator of the baltimore ravens in 2011  ,  as well as several other positions  .
both viral and bacterial causes of kennel cough are spread through the air by infected dogs sneezing and coughing  .
they fly only 9 metres above it .
women seriously underrepresented in academic publishing .
principi is a 1967 graduate of the united states naval academy at annapolis  ,  maryland  ,  and first saw active duty aboard the destroyer uss joseph p .  kennedy  .
tales similar to `` bluebeard  include `` the fitcher s bird  by the brothers grimm and the english tale `` mr .  fox   .
it was picked by the public as the most important item in the museum s entire collection  .
the nasal cavity is covered by the nasal bone  .
then you’re unlucky ,  said the little prince .
most of the new trusts follow government office regional boundaries  .
d . c .  elementary school to close after ‘threats of pests and bed bugs’ .
the 100 greatest descriptions of donald trump’s hair ever written .
student hires villager to do his punishment .
the area around the messel pit was geologically and tectonically active during the eocene  .
stanley meisler ,  globe-trotting foreign correspondent ,  dies at 85 .
in italy he became known as il boemo ( `` the bohemian  ) and also `` venatorini   ,  `` the little hunter  ,   which is what his name means literally  .
a professor said governments should understand that people with a lower social status have more health problems .
traffic deaths hit record low last year ,  but 2015 trend is alarming .
the reason roy moore won in alabama that no one is talking about .
some novelty trays make blocks of ice in seasonal  ,  festive  ,  or other shapes  .
the battle ended with a german surrender  ,  but their defense slowed down allied plans to advance into germany  .
diesel trucks destroyed in fire near meeteetse .
an intense search followed  ,  and a number of the gang or their associates were soon arrested  .
that same year  ,  construction began for a larger  ,  more modern terminal building  .
there he met alberto giacometti  ,  jean arp  ,  constantin brâncuşi  ,  georges braque and fernand léger  .
the actual term kin selection was probably coined by john maynard smith  ,  when he wrote : `` these processes i will call kin selection and group selection respectively  .
the winds and currents are strong .
prior to the week of 14-19 july  ,  no episodes had been shown since 30 november 2007  .
ernesto zedillo: mexico can thrive without trump .
in 1959 ,  people see it for the first time .  soviets take pictures of it .
the city is home town of the parque estadual da vila velha ( `` state park of old town  )  ,  a park made up of rocky formations formed over millions of years  .
james albert `` jimmy  creighton ( november 18  ,  1905 - may 29  ,  1990 ) was an ice hockey player and politician from brandon  ,  manitoba  .
carl reiner ( born march 20  ,  1922 ) is an american stand-up comedian  ,  actor  ,  director  ,  producer  ,  writer  ,  voice artist  ,  and comedian  .
richie incognito smashes his own ferrari with baseball bat .
some of these kangaroos are mothers .
marazion is a tourist resort with an active community of artists who produce and sell paintings and pottery in the town s many art galleries  .
initially  ,  selena had wanted to perform the song to her fans and see their reactions before she would professionally record it  .
a mcdonalds restaurant will soon have all-you-can-eat french fries .
in 1921  ,  tagore and an agricultural economist leonard k .  elmhirst set up the institute for rural reconstruction in a village named surul near his ashram at shriniketan  .
parts of 13th and i streets in northwest d . c .  reopen after suspicious package examined .
the donegal youth councils new website goes live .
this news is from sochi .  thousands of people come to the olympics of choral music .  the olympics started in 2000 .
relatives of purported white supremacist facing drug ,  gun charges .
the resulting album contained elements of psychedelic rock  ,  classic rock  ,  and hardcore punk  .
west monroe man arrested on count of attempted murder .
under the theory of quantum chromodynamics ( qcd )  ,  the strong force represents the interactions between quarks and gluons  .
the band won a big prize .
bobby baker ,  protege of lyndon johnson felled by influence-peddling scandal ,  dies at 89 .
residents committees must adjust to changing needs and norms: .
in 1616  ,  nurhaci declared himself khan ( king ) and founded the jin dynasty in liao ling  .
the kijiji germany website has changed its name to ebay kleinanzeigen  .
all criminal charges against newton were dropped after he completed a court-approved pretrial diversion program  .
the police say that 80 people get hurt .  however ,  nobody dies .
he also appears in new super mario bros .   .
all five subspecies of the mourning dove look similar and can not be told apart easily  .
other risk factors include diabetes  ,  being circumcised  ,  and having a large prostate ( a gland around the urethra in males )  .
d . c .  man charged with murder after fatal shooting on anacostia riverwalk trail .
japan auto makers cut domestic production .
innate immune systems provide immediate defense against infection  ,  and are found in all plant and animal life  .
the local newspaper the wellington times  ,  owned by rural press  ,  is printed three times a week  .
it is west of zagreb  ,  between the eastern slopes of samoborsko gorje ( samobor hills  ,  the eastern part of the žumberak mountains )  ,  in the sava river valley  .
in birds  ,  such as penguins  ,  salt is removed through nasal glands  .
nèijiā is a broad term used mistakenly in the west as a synonym for the more specific wǔdāngquán styles  ,  named for their association with the taoist monasteries of wudangshan range  ,  hubei province in chinese popular legend  .
one person dead ,  another wounded in howard county shooting .
steve wynn resigns as rnc finance chairman amid sexual misconduct allegations .
epidemiological studies demonstrate that diseases of central nervous system protect against cancer .
he was on holiday in germany the next summer when world war i broke out  .
he also owns a cello made of carbon fiber by the luis and clark company of boston  .
between 1805 and 1807  ,  he published two volumes of his synopsis plantarum  .
this photo of a black man’s public hanging decorated a joe’s crab shack table .
however ,  sound moves slower .
this is a simple point of access to the more complex ` australian plant name index  apni listing all the scientific names ever used for australia s plants  .
germanys justice minister said: the world wont end ,  but things will get more crazy .
natural killer cells ( or nk cells ) are a type of lymphocyte critical to the innate immune system  .
a hockey stick is a long  ,  wooden pole used to push  ,  pass  ,  or shoot in the sports of ice hockey and field hockey  .
the united states census bureau says that the city has a total area of 1 . 0 square mile ( 2 . 6 km2 )  .
fully indigenous brahmos missile to be rolled out in three years .
the wikiatlas or wikimedia atlas of the world ( or commons atlas ) is a wiki-portal on the wikimedia commons website  ,  related to the english wikipedia portal atlas  .
after the dissolution of the soviet union and independence of latvia in 1991  ,  the nation returned to the olympic games in 1992  .
for an example the hyla versicolor is the name of the changeable tree frog  ,  trachycephalus lichenatus is the name of the lichened tree frog  ,  and trachycephalus marmoratus is the name of the marbled tree frog  .
geoffrey i of anjou ( 930-987 )  ,  called greymantle ( french : grisegonelle )  ,  was a french nobleman who was the count of anjou from 960 to 987  .
this is because most of the conodont animal was soft-bodied  ,  so everything but the teeth were not fossilised in normal circumstances  .
kohl is known for her collection of german-style cooking recipes  ,  kulinarische reise durch deutsche länder ( culinary journey through german regions )  ,  published in 1996  .
shenandoah wildfire grows to 8 , 000 acres ,  jumps across skyline drive .
the starving time at jamestown in the colony of virginia was a period of starvation during the winter of 1609-1610  .
he has been a liberal party member of the danish parliament since 21 september 1994  .
health officials vow to develop drugs to curb the opioid epidemic .
small fire set at silver spring homeless encampment .
the project is already running .
she got two academy award nominations for this  ,  but her involvement in left-wing politics put her on the hollywood blacklist in the 1950s  .
ken livingstone pays tribute to the late nelson mandela .
julius lester ,  whose literature explored african american life ,  dies at 78 .
leah remini claims jada pinkett smith is a scientologist .
in fact therocephalia is the group most closely related to the cynodonts  ,  which gave rise to the mammals  .
it happens in dubai .  it is a parachuting championship .
crimean tatars traded there in the 14th century  .
the forme was mounted in a machine press  ,  inked  ,  and an impression made on paper  .
ava duvernay’s ‘13th’ explores the intersection of racism and criminal justice .
john stig claesson ( june 2  ,  1928 - january 4  ,  2008 ) was a swedish writer and illustrator  .
a few of our favorite mexican recipes (no meat required) .
arsenio hall loses control !  .
social media experts discuss pinterest best practices for business .
the remaining detached parishes were transferred in the 1890s and in 1931  .
russian president putin ,  however ,  does not want this .  american diplomats stay in moscow .
south korea bans fishery products from eight japanese prefectures .
automated sequencing & software in genome therapeutics corp .  gave the first commercial genome sequence  ,  ( the human pathogen  ,  helicobacter pylori ) in 1994  .
the cathedral was extended with an eastern end in the 1960s  ,  commemorated by benjamin britten s fanfare for st edmundsbury  ,  and a new gothic revival cathedral tower was built as part of a millennium project running from 2000 to 2005  .
he drives in a field and puts the food on the ground .
pearl washington ,  basketball legend who put syracuse on the map ,  dies at 52 .
hiv patients with undetectable virus unlikely to infect partner .
the selfie stick is popular .  you can take pictures with it .
his brothers were robert gamble cabell iii ( 1881-1968 ) and john lottier cabell ( 1883-1946 )  .
it is now called the united team of germany ( eua  ,  `` equipe unifiée allemande  )  ,  but was germany ( ger ) then  .
its battery is almost dead ,  but he makes a phone call .
the name is also used to describe other edible seeds from the fabaceae like the pigeon pea ( cajanus cajan )  ,  the cowpea ( vigna unguiculata ) and the seeds from several species of lathyrus  .
frank buckles ( 1 february 1901 - 27th february 2011 ) was the last living american veteran who fought in world war i .  buckles was born in bethany  ,  missouri  .
the cloth was part of the queen’s skirt .  it is queen elizabeth’s only piece of clothing that we have today
senators from both parties pledge to deepen probe of russia and the 2016 election .
it is number 35 on the operabase list of the most-performed operas worldwide  .
the john newbery medal is a literary award of the american library association ( ala )  .
a week later  ,  saldivar asked employees to help fund a special gift for selena  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
fresh market downgraded by deutsche bank to hold (tfm) .
‘possible’ that john carlson will return against flyers .
two ultra-orthodox feminists challenge israel’s political landscape .
also  ,  genes may be removed  ,  or `` knocked out   ,  using an enzyme called a zinc finger nuclease  .
ayers was not facing charges at this time  ,  but the federal government later brought charges against him  .
on october 8  ,  1949  ,  the soviet zone became the german democratic republic  ,  usually known simply as east germany  .
the ‘sexy bernie sanders’ costume had to happen .  but ‘sexy pope francis’ ?  .
the monkeys were put into groups .
the man cannot keep the coins .  they are in a museum now .
four singles were released from this album : `` thank you for the venom   ,  `` i m not okay ( i promise )   ,  `` helena  and `` the ghost of you   .
meadows on lawmakers who dont support trump: eject em !  .
these events take place until february .
it was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from town to la vega ( in the la vega province ) began to run across the rich region of the cibao  .
gordon strachan hints at darren fletcher return .
yet it is difficult to define humus in precise terms ; it is a highly complex substance  ,  the full nature of which is still not fully understood  .
all lanes on beltway’s inner loop open following truck crash .
virgin killer is the fourth album by the german heavy metal band scorpions  .
former va .  governor bob mcdonnell joins faculty of televangelist’s college .
bust-a-move 2 is the first sequel to `` bust-a-move   ,  and is also known as puzzle bobble 2 outside europe and north america  .
the washington post names new global opinions contributing columnists .
his wife says that flying in a balloon solo is important for him .
devin nunes ,  the congressman who nearly derailed the house’s investigation into russia ,  is blaming democrats .
fifty of the mountains are more than 4 , 000 m high  ,  with the highest  ,  monte rosa  ,  that reaches to 4 , 638 m ( 15 , 217 ft )  ,  and there are many glaciers  .
completed in the spring of 1953 and published in 1956  ,  the last battle tells about the end of the world of narnia  .
scientists have looked for one for many years .
examples of popular symmetric cyphers include twofish  ,  serpent  ,  aes ( aka rijndael )  ,  blowfish  ,  cast5  ,  rc4  ,  tdes  ,  and idea  .
doctors winning battle against drug resistant gonorrhoea .
it also holds a grand staircase that starts a path toward the paintings on the second floor of each art pavilion  .
inmate attempts escape by digging hole in ceiling .
the flowers are in groups of 9-15 together  ,  each flower about 1 cm ( 0 . 5 in ) diameter with a ring of many white stamens  .
the word `` petani  may also refer to `` pattani   ,  a city in present day thailand to which the river was once connected  .
those models do not have any differences for wadcutter  ,  flat-based  ,  spitzer  ,  boat-tail  ,  very-low-drag  ,  etc .  bullet types or shapes  .
the police come .  they shoot at the people .
from the mixed-up files of mrs .  basil e .  frankweiler is a novel by e .  l .  konigsburg that won the newbery medal for excellence in american children s literature in 1968  .
each district is administered under a district secretary  .
she is the mother of mexican pop diva paulina rubio  ,  she has appeared in around 50 movies and tv series  ,  including telenovelas  .
how to check your uber passenger rating ,  without embarrassment .
william john swainson  ,  fellow of the linnean society and fellow of the royal society ( 8 october 1789 - 6 december 1855 )  ,  was an english ornithologist  ,  malacologist  ,  entomologist and artist  .
katie price hospitalised in europe .
she started swimming again in 2011 for the european championship and then competed at the 2012 summer paralympics  .
france also won in 1998 .
then  ,  in 1878  ,  he bought the st .  louis dispatch for $ 2 , 700 and merged the two papers  ,  which became the st .  louis post-dispatch  ,  which remains st .  louis  daily newspaper  .
about 36 million people worldwide have dementia .
it is thought that many trojan asteroids are in fact small planetesimals captured in the lagrange point of jupiter-sun system during the farther migration of the giant planets  ,  3 . 9 billion years ago  .
gustav has killed 78 people in haiti  ,  the dominican republic  ,  and jamaica  ,  while 7 are still missing in haiti  .
the volcano erupts .
plane crash in costa rica kills 10 u . s .  citizens ,  2 crew members .
6 metres of rain falls in three days .
how to grow a woman from the ground is a 2006 album by chris thile  ,  who made the album with the how to grow a band  ,  credited to chris thile  .
it is difficult to get e-sports into the olympics because it uses technology .
after thirty years of working in the army  ,  he retired in 1991 with the rank of colonel  .
in 1809 saxe-weimar and saxe-eisenach  ,  which had been separate duchies with the same duke became one country as the duchy of saxe-weimar-eisenach  .
despite three attempts at rebellion in 522 bc  ,  521 bc and 482 bc  ,  the land and city of babylon remained solidly under persian rule for two centuries  ,  until alexander the great s entry in 331 bc  .
the brothers karamazov ( russian : братья карамазовы brat ` ya karamazovy ) is a russian novel written by fyodor dostoevsky  .
q&a: rep .  scott rigell (r) on why he endorsed libertarian gary johnson .
many students may be confident in using english in everyday situations but the written language presents a major challenge during their study abroad .
a very rarely expressed alternative view of management accounting is that it is neither a neutral or benign influence in organizations  ,  rather a mechanism for management control through spying on workers ( surveillance )  .
they mainly serve hamburgers  ,  cheeseburgers  ,  chicken products  ,  french fries  ,  breakfast items  ,  soft drinks  ,  milkshakes and desserts  .
jennie darlington ,  participant in groundbreaking antarctic exploration ,  dies at 93 .
is a [realistic] and buildable technology .
apple accused of hiding profits again .
she is with her parents .
anton praetorius was the son of matthes schulze  .
takamoto was born on april 19 1925 in los angeles  ,  california  .
tommy keene ,  power-pop songwriter and star of ’80s d . c .  music scene ,  dies at 59 .
rosemarys baby to be adapted as tv series .
there are currently no railroads in wakulla county  .
an ef2 tornado struck rayne  ,  louisiana early that afternoon  .
1 , 651 boeing 737 classic aircraft are in service  .
they don’t play now .
parrott was from fairfield county  ,  ohio  .
a man is crossing a road .  the traffic begins to move .  a motorcyclist hits the man .
ettore scola ,  acclaimed italian film director ,  dies at 84 .
in 1956  ,  british psychiatrist lionel penrose and his son  ,  mathematician roger penrose  ,  submitted a short article to the british journal of psychology titled impossible objects : a special type of visual illusion  .
this century was perhaps one of the most difficult periods for the 300 inhabitants of viareggio ; the area was really bad  ,  for the life  ,  often people died for malaria  ,  but however slowly viareggio changed its appearance ; two small churches and as many factories were built  ,  followed by a number of small shops  .
henry diamond ,  environmental lawyer and adviser to a rockefeller ,  dies at 83 .
michael makoto honda ( born june 27  ,  1941 )  ,  also known as mike honda  ,  is an american politician  .
local roundup: ruppersberger backing van hollen for senate .
section 111 says that a state can give up any part of its lands to the commonwealth  .
justice department says it does not track data d . c .  activist is seeking .
the whole world is male dominated: .
why dangling rewards in front of students and teachers is counterproductive .
the united states organised a conference between 13 countries called the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai  ,  china because people complained more and more about opium trade  .
playing in the nhl runs in the family for lucas johansen .
some are too badly injured to go to the school .
since the advent of computing  ,  page layout skills are used on electronic media as well as print  .
many people are injured .
later  ,  an international agreement decided that both le verrier and adams together deserved credit  .
the artists work outside .
cupcake wars: blogger sues food network over snow globe recipe video .
after the european grand prix  ,  scuderia toro rosso announced that vettel would take the second driver seat from scott speed  .
hospitals running out of iv fluids .
ryder announces new transportation solutions for oil and gas industry .
the pandora myth first appears in lines 560-612 of hesiod s poem the theogony  .
the video starts with graham s character talking to two young men played by warren brown & aston kelly about rave culture and life  .
six million people come to the festival every year .
randy starks working as no .  3 defensive tackle .
the gospels are richly illustrated  ,  and were originally in a fine leather binding covered with jewels and metals  .
the nation’s high school dropout rate has fallen ,  study says .
the dubai canvas event is a 3d art festival .  twenty-five artists come to the festival .
he won the academy award for best actor for his role in judgment at nuremberg in 1961  .
for 200 years ,  it runs in the same way .  inside the mill ,  people turn grain into flour .
district heights man dies two months after car crash .
stansted express is a sub-brand of greater anglia  .
in 1901 he returned to spain and opened la escuela moderna ( the modern school ) to teach middle-class children ( then ) radical social values  ,  the school was free  .
it is because liverpool is the capital of culture for 2008  .
business activity in northern ireland grows grown sharply for ninth month in a row .
jewish charity appeals to tribunal against regulators refusal to remove it from register .
it was founded by william phillips and philip rahv  .
some of his works include slaughterhouse-five ( 1969 )  ,  cat s cradle ( 1963 )  ,  and breakfast of champions ( 1973 )  .
they want high heels .
the northern society promoted cultural co-operation between nazi germany and the nordic countries  .
clarke emigrated to sri lanka in 1956 largely to pursue his interest in scuba diving ; that year  ,  he discovered the underwater ruins of the ancient koneswaram temple in trincomalee  .
.
in the ride station  ,  statues watch the train leave  .
the east division of the national hockey league existed from 1967  ,  when the nhl was made up of a single division  ,  until 1974 when the league changed its format into two conferences of two divisions each  .
vice mayor in maguindanao survives alleged assassination attempt .
the federal bureau of prisons’ fight against contraband .
a 2002 molecular study of the tribe gnaphalieae found the genus is likely polyphyletic  ,  with x .  bracteatum and x .  viscosum removed from each other  .
mourinho insists man city are still favorites for premier league title .
she said apple was an incredible company .  she said it was rich ,  successful and had the money to pay artists .
some species  ,  such as lottia gigantea `` garden  a patch of algae around their home scar  .
in the 1970s  ,  she became helped start the furies collective  ,  a lesbian feminist newspaper collective which said that heterosexuality was the cause of all oppression  .
sand dunes are preserved in permian sandstones near brodick  ,  there are localized outcrops of triassic rocks  ,  p143\/4\/9 and even some cretaceous chalk  .
with barry  ,  the two brothers starred together in the films nightforce and total force  .
first great western has manage bath spa  .
he said women in burkas look like letter boxes and look like a bank robber .
casinos associated with decreased risk for overweight ,  obesity in children .
some town criers announcements are recorded in books called a proclamation book the proclamations book in chester from the early 19th century records the town criers call as `` o yes  ,  o yes  !
potassium-argon dating or k-ar dating is a radiometric dating method used in geochronology and archaeology  .
the movie s reel length is about 4 , 000 feet ( 1 , 200 metres )  .
california’s lengthy vote count stokes theories that sanders actually won the primary .
2008 he made the pop-hymn of linz ( european capital of culture 2009 ) for the singer yvonne finsterle  .
10-year-old boy dies two days after being struck by a car .
the conquest was complete with the capture in june 1283 of dafydd  ,  who was taken to shrewsbury and executed as a traitor next autumn  .
voting rights advocates brace for ‘biggest fight of our lifetime’ during trump administration .
the protagonist of the game  ,  crash bandicoot  ,  must stop cortex by using the technique of `` jacking   .
the peripheral nervous system  ,  or pns  ,  is part of the nervous system  ,  and consists of the nerves and neurons that are outside the central nervous system ( the brain and spinal cord ) and serve the limbs and organs  ,  for example  .
marie lu: the books that have changed my life .
streptomyces is the largest genus of actinobacteria  .
it is usually cooked on a big iron pan on the center of the table  .
he also painted a table top ( now in the louvre ) for cardinal albrecht  ,  archbishop of mainz  .
during construction  ,  the stadium was supposedly cursed by a gypsy when manchester city officials evicted a gypsy camp from the area  .
u . s .  diplomat blasts china and russia for ‘holding the hands’ of north korean leader .
he made one big exception to his decision not to visit franco-friendly countries : in 1961 he took part in a concert of chamber music in the white house on 13 november where he played to president john f kennedy whom he admired  .
the festival is a hit .
the 40 mm model has a rifling of 1:1 . 224  ,  is 900 mm long  ,  and weighs 4 . 4 kg ( 9 . 5 lb )  .
lauren jackson set to return .
universal studios japan (usj) will build a theme park called nintendoland in osaka .
video footage is shown  ,  as lopez discusses her first ever live performance  ,  with `` no me ames   ,  in april 1999 at madison square garden alongside marc anthony  .
the canadians championship u16 and u19 ( usually in april ) take place in the same place as the nrl playoff tournament  .
cycloadditions in which 4n π electrons participate can also occur as a result of photochemical activation  .
terrapins rout florida international ,  improve to 2-0 .
tarlac city is the largest based on land area  .
chocolate helps their hearts .
they help their families make money .  they make only one dollar a day .
the blackhawks won the best-of-seven series four games to two  ,  winning their third stanley cup  .
he was a referee in the national hockey association and was involved with minor hockey in the montreal  ,  quebec area  .
they go outside in hanbok  ,  traditional korean clothing  ,  hold hands  ,  make a circle  ,  and start rotating clockwise  .
mechanical methods include crushing of the mg pieces in situ  ,  rapid stirring  ,  or using ultrasound ( sonication ) of the suspension  .
transposons themselves are of two types according to their mechanism  ,  which can be either `` copy and paste  ( class i ) or `` cut and paste  ( class ii )  .
the southwestern border of connecticut  ,  where it abuts new york state  ,  is marked by a panhandle in fairfield county  ,  containing greenwich  ,  stamford  ,  fairfield  ,  westport  ,  wilton and darien  ,  housing some of the wealthiest residents in the world  .
the new testament  ,  tells how jesus and his friends sang together : `` when they had sung the hymn  ,  they went out to the mount of olives  ( matthew  26 . 30 )  .
the name nasi kucing  ,  which means `` cat rice  or `` cat s rice   ,  comes from the size of the rice served  .
sepp blatter is president of fifa again .
people from crimea don’t like the fish .
hrithik roshan joins madhavan .
vera arrived in america four months later and she and stravinsky were married in bedford  ,  massachusetts  .
the aim of the game is to expand the town which is controlled by a player  ,  to gather resources and conquer other players  .
mississippi deputies fatally shoot man after car chase .
fbi director comey confirms probe of possible coordination between kremlin and trump campaign .
it was originally regular released to theaters by buena vista distribution on november 19  ,  1970  .
under english heraldic law  ,  women who are not monarchs do not bear helms or crests - this is because in the past  ,  women did not fight in wars or tournaments  ,  so they did not have a helmet  .
land uses include broad acre pastoralism  ,  bauxite and silica sand mining  ,  nature reserves  ,  tourism and fishing  .
it is in the dissected till plains region of the central lowlands of north america  .
etihad airways to enhance connectivity to india .
southeast man ,  19 ,  arrested and charged in string of taxicab robberies .
the terms are set up so that either three or two commissioners ( alternately ) are up for election every two years  .
the boys are from various towns in catalonia  ,  the balearic islands  ,  and the valencian community  .
being `` at peace  is considered by many to be healthy and the opposite of being stressed or anxious  .
hello students ,  there is a website for you .
the famous bull run takes place in a town .
the first time this happened was in 2004-the german band wizo released the `` stick ep   ,  only as a usb drive  .
he is the only actor to have played the three most popular pulp fiction heroes of the 1930s - flash gordon  ,  buck rogers  ,  and tarzan  .
people remove 50 tonnes of them .
it covers 12% of the southern ocean .
lower urinary tract infection is also known as a bladder infection  .
a bank stopped looking at the worlds economy .
bo xilai appeals against life sentence for corruption .
when the obliquity increases  ,  the summers in both hemispheres receive more heat and light from the sun  ,  and winters less  .
however  ,  the radius  ,  r  ,  will not undergo a lorentz contraction since it is perpendicular to the direction of motion  .
the part of the fowey valley between doublebois and bodmin parkway railway station is known as the glynn valley ( from glynn house  ,  cardinham )  .
bioorganic chemistry is that branch of life science  ,  which deals with the study of biological processes using chemical methods  .
visa-mastercard settlement with retailers is voided .
in early july staunton agreed provided he was given time to get back into practice  ,  and provided that he could manage all this without breaking the publication contract for his shakespearean work  .
american isis suspect asks aclu to challenge nearly 4-month detention by u . s .  military .
our national security needs a team .
gwendolyn gillen ,  artist of bronze sculpture of mary tyler moore ,  dies at 76 .
ali said: i would like to be remembered as a man…who treated everyone right [and] tried to unite all humankind .
in addition  ,  about 95 % of people seem to be naturally immune to it  .
this news is from melbourne .
that is very important
another car comes .  it runs him over .
have a nice day , news in levels team
they must grow the right fur .
a new trade deal will make technology cheaper .
accounts on each wiki are separate  ,  and if you have multiple accounts you will need to confirm each separately  .
the war in syria is now five years old .  many syrian children know only war .
current projects include arts and ecology  ,  citizen power  ,  connected communities  ,  design and society  ,  education  ,  public services  ,  social brain and technology in a cold climate  .
everybody is fine
she sings happy birthday to the president who is j .  f .
soba is almost always eaten with chopsticks  ,  and in japan  ,  it is traditionally considered polite to slurp the noodles noisily  .
since late 1990 there is an ongoing project of group some municipalities together ( as they are small )  .
notability not many companies and corporations are suitable for an article on wikipedia  .
the team put a message on its website but did not find the dogs owner .
by 1847 he had enough information to publish `` a list of rare plants found in the neighborhood of breadsall  ,  derbyshire   .
mortgage rates move higher for second week in a row .
md .  juvenile lifers could be considered for minimum-security ,  work-release programs .
quoll ( genus dasyurus ) are meat-eating marsupials native to australia and papua new guinea  .
the robots ski down a gentle slope .  they have two legs and arms .
former redskins gm scot mccloughan hired by browns as pre-draft consultant .
when computing got personal .
1856-67 : at desterro ( the provincial capital ) on the island of santa caterina  .
the police watch the protestors .
the 737-700 was added to the next generation planes when southwest airlines ordered one in november 1993  .
it was voted as the best album of the year by rolling stone magazine and in the village voice pazz & jop critics poll  ,  was ranked # 1 in spin magazine s `` 40 best albums of the year   ,  and received a near-perfect 4 . 5 mic rating from the source  .
podcast: we’re taking a summer break .
muhammad yunus  ,  the banks first member  ,  earned a ph . d .  in economics from vanderbilt university in the united states  .
it is wrong to think that people who eat too much have no self-control .
those who wrote a to-do list fell asleep about 9 minutes faster .
people are trying to save children from a broken school
throughout the lifetime of an animal  ,  these cells will ` remember  each specific pathogen encountered  ,  and are able to make a strong response if the pathogen is detected again  .
they face the two gods  ,  whom without their powers of fear and terror are extremely weak in battle  ,  ( unlike the nature of ares )  ,  and are easily defeated  .
they give him prosthetic legs .  he can walk ,  run and jump .
it serves both developed and developing countries and acts as a neutral forum where all nations meet as equals  .
after she stopped wrestling in 2006  ,  she became the lead singer of punk rock band the luchagors  .
steve kerr ,  steph curry hit with $25 , 000 fines ahead of game 7 .
the men make it in the nevada desert .
hundreds pay last respects to nageswara rao .
it is divided between arkhangelsk and murmansk oblasts and the republic of karelia  .
va .  senate votes to expand use of marijuana oil to treat more illnesses .
sam shepard ,  pulitzer prize-winning playwright and oscar-nominated actor ,  dies at 73 .
the wind blows at the speed of 60 miles per hour (97 kilometres per hour) .
when a commune was formed  ,  all particpitating members gathered and swore an oath together  ,  in public  ,  they would defend each other in time of trouble  .
covering up sexual violence at u-va .  .
however  ,  uprisings against colonial authorities occurred in 1550  ,  1560  ,  and 1715  .
why colin powell is a bad enemy for hillary clinton to make .
another maryland county wants out of the medical marijuana industry .
in late 1996  ,  the justice department opened a task force to investigate allegations of illegal donations to the clinton\/gore re-election campaign and to clinton s legal defense fund  .
the event takes place in belgrave park ( np7 7at )  ,  at the nevill hall hospital end of town ( not at the hospital its self )  .
the others are the broghol pass from the wakhan corridor of afghanistan  ,  shandur top from gilgit  ,  and lowari top from dir in pakistan  .
the ‘daily show’ twitter library is just one of many art projects about trump’s tweets .
the status of the ediacaran as an official geological period was confirmed in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences ( iugs )  .
rupee drops 12 paise against dollar in late morning trade .
upskirting is a problem because of mobile phones .
womans house was firebombed twice .
he was also associate professor of history at mount st .  mary s college  ,  los angeles  ,  from 1966 to 1969  .
some tertiary sources may be more reliable than others  ,  and within any given tertiary source  ,  some articles may be more reliable than others  .
shia muslims have been listed along with `` heretics  ,   .  .  .  america and israel  ,   as the four principal `` enemies of islam  at the ideology classes of bin laden s al-qaeda organization  .
is the tune inn on capitol hill still a dive bar ?  .
they make the hole bigger .
women selling positive pregnancy tests on craigslist .
if this is the case  ,  then the fact that 10 km fragments of the vesta family have survived bombardment until the present indicates that the crater is only about 1 billion years old or younger  .
the third son got a letter ,  my sweet boy ,  you know what your mother loves .
the russian empire left its offensive alliance with the habsburgs on the succession of peter iii  ,  and like sweden concluded a separate peace with prussia in 1762  .
the world cup 2014 is here .  many fans are excited about it .
it is the center and main city of the local government area of parkes shire  .
a woman sees a dead wombat on the road .
his term as presiding bishop ended on november first 2006  .
police are investigating why he does this attack .
people are trying to help each other .
slowdown in residential building activity continues .
on november 14  ,  2010  ,  zenit st .  petersburg claimed their titles after a 5-0 win against fc rostov  .
the company says that the water does not get to people .
the federal ministry of economics and technology ( german : bundesministerium für wirtschaft und technologie ) is a federal ministry of the federal republic of germany  .
perrigo company announces quarterly dividend .
created levels can be saved and shared using streetpass after the player is able to complete the level that they have created  .
‘monkey see ,  monkey sue is not good law’ .
house intelligence committee to hold first public hearing on russian election interference .
ehlers was born on may 7  ,  1921 in junction city  ,  kansas  .
he also worked editing and publishing the wilmington chronicle  .
sibley memorial hospital plans to cut staff through buyouts .
a weather system moved towards the southeast from the central great plains into the deep south of the united states  .
it has a door .  it looks like a hobbit door .
a boring business that warren buffett would love .
kennedy is best known for coming forward as a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of his coach  ,  graham james  .
soon thereafter  ,  booth heard that the president would be attending a matinee performance of still waters run deep on march 17 at the campbell hospital on the outskirts of washington  .
fairfax county police catch alleged peeping tom in mount vernon area .
people call buenos aires ,  argentina ,  ‘the paris of the south’ .  buenos aires takes pride in its café culture .
two bombs explode in ankara .  at least 95 people die .  the bombs badly injure sixty-five people .
man accused of stealing homes found guilty .
started as a political youth organization in 2000 and became a political party in january 2006  ,  running in 2006 elections  .
diagnosis can be made by sending a specimen ( sample )  ,  collected during the first five days  ,  to the cdc for analysis  .
two tropical storms flank mexicos coasts .
the common cold is an easily spread infection of the upper respiratory tract  .
they also believe that school is very important for their children
hotspots may be far from tectonic plate boundaries  .
the volcano is active .  it erupts .
u . s .  high school seniors slip in math and show no improvement in reading .
longtime virginia tech head coach frank beamer retiring after season .
it is sydney s main airport  ,  and is the main hub for qantas  ,  and a secondary hub for virgin australia and jetstar airways  .
facing republican attacks ,  fbi’s deputy director plans to retire early next year .
the official answer  ,  given by kim johnson to earn the win  ,  was kelly goldsmith  .
at end of the fifth overtime period  ,  managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins ask the president of the nhl  ,  frank calder  ,  to stop the game  ,  and finish it later  .
moths  ,  specifically their caterpillars  ,  are a major farm pest in many parts of the world  .
one person is the prime minister of iceland .  the papers show that his wife has a firm .
as chef de cuisine of the celebrated restaurant voisin on the rue saint honoré  ,  choron is best known for his invention of choron sauce  ,  a béarnaise sauce enriched with tomato concentrate  .
he developed basic sauces  ,  his ` mother sauces  ; he had over a hundred sauces in his repertoire  ,  based on the half-dozen mother sauces  .
the pirates have won five world series  .
bernie sanders says he’s open to legalizing marijuana use .
this earthquake destroyed tokyo  ,  the port city of yokohama  ,  surrounding prefectures of chiba  ,  kanagawa  ,  and shizuoka  .
people take the rhino to a centre .
by the time he was fifteen  ,  ma had graduated from trinity school in new york and appeared as a soloist with the harvard radcliffe orchestra playing tchaikovsky s ` variations on a rococo theme  .
one doga session costs about £25
workers hurt them .  they hit them with hands and with tools .
it gives us a small electric shock if we buy something but do not have enough money .
the asteroid hits earth .  the group says that asteroids hit earth .
it is 150 light-years from earth in the constellation perseus  .
vaiśravaṇa is also known as kubera in sanskrit or kuvera in pāli  .
people suspected that escobar or other drug lords influenced members of the government  .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
he is 1 .
grant hart ,  drummer and singer with influential group hüsker dü ,  dies at 56 .
arriving at the rhône in september  ,  hannibal s army numbered 38 , 000 infantry  ,  8 , 000 horsemen  ,  and thirty-seven war elephants  .
sanders on trump: ‘sometimes he does use tough language’ .
usually  ,  marine light-emission belongs in the blue and green light spectrum  ,  the wavelengths that can transmit through seawater most easily  .
northern virginia rep .  gerald e .  connolly to skip trump inaugural .
robert parry ,  associated press reporter who covered iran-contra affair ,  dies at 68 .
the pressure wave from the final explosion was recorded on barographs around the world  ,  which continued to register it up to 5 days after the explosion  .
after the deaths of ayrton senna and roland ratzenberger at imola in 1994  ,  the estoril track was changed  .
metro general manager proposes permanent end to late-night service .
todd began his career in the construction business  ,  where he made a fortune but later lost it  .
the bright colors of both the larvae and the moths act as warning signs  .
deeply regret that india expelled our diplomat: .
it was named the viceregal lodge  .
234 girls missing from nigeria school after attacks by islamic extremists .
rep .  scott rigell leaves virginia beach gop after backing libertarian for president .
a politician told reporters: it is urgent that europe wakes up .
this could take eight years .
it was the first state in malaysia which adopted the constitutional monarchy system  ,  and its laws are stated in undang-undang tubuh negeri johor ( johor state establishment constitution )  ,  written by sultan abu bakar  .
it established a reputation for luxury  ,  with clients including royalty  ,  politicians  ,  writers  ,  film stars and singers  .
like pulmonate land snails  ,  most slugs have two pairs of ` feelers  or tentacles on their head  .
nba star jeremy lin kicks off basketball camp in taipei .
the bidding process for the 2016 summer olympic games began on may 16  ,  2007  .
this news is about an art gallery .
people once said male chicks came from rounder eggs ,  but that was wrong .
hillary clinton ,  in first formal talk since conceding: ‘there is common ground to build upon’ .
during the january uprising in 1863 heavy fighting occurred within the city  ,  but was brutally pacified by mikhail muravyov  ,  by the population because of the number of executions he organized  .
we yawn when we see others yawn .
this news is from brazil .  a person from a tv show films a woman .
thus  ,  the postmaster general is no longer a member of the cabinet and is no longer in line to be president  .
was the 8th emperor of japan  ,  according to the traditional order of succession  .
after retiring from baseball  ,  burns lived in brooklyn  .
capella ( α aurigae  ,  α aur  ,  alpha aurigae ) is the brightest star in the constellation auriga  ,  the eleventh brightest star in the night sky and the third brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere  ,  after arcturus and vega  .
he goes to ukraine for unicef .
in england ,  five whales get on beaches .
p70 she was the second woman  ,  after gaprindashvili  ,  to be awarded the title  .
on december 8 1978  ,  golda meir died of cancer in jerusalem at the age of 80  .
this will stimulate new modelling and laboratory studies which will increase scientific understanding to a point where the observations can be explained  .
reactions from governments  ,  international organizations  ,  and notable individuals  ,  have gained worldwide media coverage  .
federal judge myron thompson moves to senior status; .
i have never marketed myself enough: .
eli rosenberg joins general assignment news desk .
fir registered against giriraj singh .
he later became a singer and choreographer for the merengue duo of mayra y celinés  .
held in seattle  ,  the two teams were tied in the best of five series when it was canceled due to the spanish flu epidemic  ,  the first time the stanley cup was not awarded  .
the case in england was dropped after ferrari reached an agreement with the coughlans  .
chip kelly hasn’t spoken to colin kaepernick about whether he wants to stay .
zeus appears and tells the minotaur that he still has not learned his lesson  ,  he replies that he has been feeding on hate  .
vézina recorded his first career shutout during the 1912-13 season  ,  defeating ottawa 6-0 on january 18  ,  1913 for one of his nine wins in the season  .
this will not surprise parents .
usually in the northern hemisphere christmas holidays last for about 2 weeks  .
loaded with mcdonald’s all-americans ,  terps women’s basketball heads to italy .
the team was also selected as the u . s .  olympic committee s team of the year ( 1997 and 1999 )  .
jung park a character of south korean nationality  ,  jung park s natural proficiency for computers drove him to serve his mandatory term in the rok army immediately after graduation  .
miss america nina davuluri meets barack obama at the white house .
chinese official calls for better china-india media exchanges ,  cooperation .
west was born in tulsa  ,  oklahoma  ,  and grew up in sacramento  ,  california  ,  where his father was a general contractor for the defense department and his mother was a teacher and a principal  .
these slabs make electricity when somebody walks over them .
local roundup: heavy rain ,  hailstones swamp washington region .
the man is lucky .  he is ok
both of them have said that the collaboration revitalized them on many levels  .
evgeny kuznetsov selected as alex ovechkin’s replacement in all-star game .
they make the immigrants go .  police make 600 to 800 immigrants go .
he made a cameo on a season three episode of the apprentice in may 2005  .
this is over 50 years ago .  now ,  the competition is popular .
world war ii army doctor’s letters published by his daughter .
cage diving is a popular tourist attraction .  people get in a cage and they watch sharks around them .
parents must do more to stop bullying .
he did many miracles ,  so the christian church made him the saint of children .
malmaison has been restored by the french famous architect pierre humbert in the early 20th century  .
charity once led by roy moore has listed its headquarters for sale ,  a move that could bring him $540 , 000 windfall .
this is a problem for traffic .  people close three lanes .
former rep .  jesse jackson jr .  sentenced to 30 months in prison .
hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps  .
at first  ,  db was going to work together modern dmus bought from different makers  ,  but because of software trouble  ,  this proved to be impossible  .
people bottle-feed them .
she must protect her taste buds .
republican karen handel wins house race in georgia .
their claws are strong ,  however .  they can break bones
el greco s dramatic and expressionist style puzzled other painters at the time  ,  but came to be appreciated in the 20th century  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
west indian captain sammy warns his team can be destructive at world twenty20 .
for his actions in july 1944  ,  moto was awarded the army s second-highest decoration  ,  the distinguished service cross ( dsc )  .
supramolecular research has been applied to develop high-tech sensors  ,  processes to treat radioactive waste  ,  and contrast agents for cat scans  .
laurene powell jobs is buying a big stake in wizards ,  capitals sports empire .
one of the best things about christmas is the food .  most animals know that .
this table shows award wins by cast members : w . g .  `` snuffy  walden received an emmy award for main title theme music in 2000 for `` the west wing opening theme   .
six of the dogs are in wheelchairs .
the team was founded in 1998 with manager hans-michael holczer and sports directors rolf gölz and christian henn  .
investigators possibly committed crime in having informant take records from congressional office ,  house lawyer alleges .
ross island is an island which was formed by four volcanoes in the ross sea  ,  which can be found near the continent  ,  antarctica  .
fox cancels raising hope .
some residents unable to dial 911 .
head-on collision on u . s .  route 50 in annapolis claims second victim .
kristi toliver joined the mystics for reasons other than elena delle donne .
if the contestants are tied after four rounds  ,  a tie-breaking word is given to both teams  ,  starting with the team who won a coin toss  .
they are just 15 grams heavy .  they are smaller than your thumb
his composition teacher was dmitri shostakovich  .
after iowa ,  rubio picks up steam among lobbyist donors ,  fundraisers .
germans really like electric cars .  they even have a race for them .
the chondrostei are mainly cartilaginous fish with some ossification  .
the world scrabble championship happens in lille ,  france .  people from 30 countries come .
this violin had been stolen twice from the previous owner  ,  bronislaw huberman ; the last time the thief confessed as he was dying to having stolen it  .
in january 1957  ,  following the success of an off-broadway stage version of the story  ,  presley s name was suggested as a possible replacement  .
cabarrus county is part of the local centralina council of governments  .
terrorists could make bio-weapons .
you are already taken .
christian johann heinrich heine ( born as harry heine 13 december 1797-17 february 1856 ) was one of the most significant german poets of the 19th century  .
the fur trade soon became the primary business on the continent and as a result transformed the native americans lifestyle  .
he says that he is the 12th prime minister of canada during elizabeth’s rule .
man arrested while fighting police .
it sees for him .  it sends the information to his brain .
rights group calls on angola to drop criminal defamation charges against journalist .
no clear choice for quarterback emerges from maryland’s spring game .
they cannot fish .  they protest and ask for help
the town is the center for the local government area  ,  the shire of macedon ranges  .
the zone is one hour ahead of the pacific time zone and one hour behind the central time zone  .
-- world wide fund for nature - ecoregions the global 200 is the list of ecoregions identified by the world wide fund for nature ( wwf ) as priorities for conservation  .
despite the heavy influence of persian on urdu  ,  linguistically  ,  urdu is not classified as an iranian language ( as is persian ) but rather as an indo-aryan language ( like punjabi  ,  gujarati  ,  punjabi  ,  seraiki and sindhi )  .
following the westward trend of the industry  ,  in 1915  ,  laemmle opened the world s largest motion picture production facility  ,  universal city studios  ,  on a 230 acres ( 0 . 93 km2 ) converted farm just over the cahuenga pass from hollywood  .
he was made an officer of the order of the british empire ( obe ) in 1985  ,  the year in which bach s 300th birthday was celebrated  .
the litter sizes ranging from 1-4 in the pygmy blue-tongue and shingleback to 5-24 in the eastern and northern blue-tongues  .
according to the 1831 census its area was 485 , 990 acres  .
yushchenko claimed to have been poisoned by political enemies  .
several tornadoes were confirmed  .
the counties were divided into administrative counties ( the area controlled by a county council ) and independent county boroughs  .
why 70 percent of kids quit sports by age 13 .
the fourth attack is the deadliest .  fifty-seven people die .
he died of pancreatic cancer in moscow  .
utah county deputy shot in crime spree improving .
it could be as important to our happiness as finding the right job and the right friends .
the population was 5 , 000 people  ,  mostly mexicans and americans  ,  with some chinese people  .
it also shares borders with indian kashmir to the east  .
now we can see the…details of [molecules] in every corner of our cells and every drop of our body fluids .
are these cabinet secretaries distancing themselves from trump ?  .
beverly hills chihuahua is a 2008 movie by walt disney pictures directed by raja gosnell  .
later it was held by two illegitimate branches of the royal family in the 16th and 17th centuries  ,  being in 1696 returned to the crown  .
in 1974 the local government act 1972 retained civil parishes in rural areas and small urban areas  ,  but abolished them in larger urban areas  .
on march 5  ,  1865  ,  at wascoe s inn in the blue mountains pottinger accidentally shot himself in the stomach while trying to get onto a moving coach  .
jeremy and cecil take the two mice to nimh where they find that two other mice  ,  justin and brutus  .
the prime minister sees this .
temporary fire station to go behind arlington’s wilson school .
it was supplanted by egyptian arabic as a spoken language toward the early modern period  .
the mac tools u . s .  nationals are now held at indianapolis raceway park in clermont  ,  indiana  .
he is in the water for 18 minutes .
it had been intended to build the line past walthamstow central to wood street ( walthamstow )  ,  where it would come above ground to terminate next to the british railways station  .
while the doctor s other old enemies the daleks did not change during the original series s twenty-six season run  ,  the cybermen were seen to change with almost every appearance  .
toilet tank holding $11 , 000 in cash among clues in montgomery homicide case .
a large  ,  fully connected set of the white house allows the producers to create shots with very few cuts and long  ,  continuous master shots of staff members walking and talking through the hallways  .
doug atkins ,  intimidating hall of fame defensive end ,  dies at 85 .
kim jong un is at the event .
it cost 3 .
starting at nbc as an page in 1938  ,  he went on to graduate 23rd in a class of 24 from nbc s school for announcers  .
the furnishings were sparse and prisoners exercised in escape proof yards  .
tchaikovsky was only five when he started taking piano lessons  .
fischer said that this was due to his giving up alcohol completely and changing his diet  .
police watch the gang .  they find the tunnel .
the petersen house ,  where lincoln died ,  will close for six months in december .
tim kaine says trump encouraged watergate-like hack of dnc by russians .
the area between the south bay and the city and county of san francisco is the san francisco peninsula  ,  known locally as the peninsula  .
the cows live in a deep pool of their body waste .
the speed limits on madrid´s roads are also down to reduce pollution .
extreme heat prompts d . c .  united to delay start of mls match at rfk stadium .
pauline morrow austin ( b .  1916 d .  2011 ) was an american meteorologist  .
the stadium hosted 4 group matches and 2 quarter finals during the 2011 cricket world cup  .
climate means the usual condition of the temperature  ,  humidity  ,  atmospheric pressure  ,  wind  ,  rainfall  ,  and other meteorological elements in an area of the earth s surface for a long time  .
there are three full-length pippi longstocking books : there were three original picture books that were translated into english : there are many picture books and short books based on parts of chapters from the original three  ,  including : the first movie about pippi longstocking was filmed in 1949  .
pele launches book .
gov .  walker to campaign for nebraska candidate .
many people cannot retire .
,  733-10 november 765 ) was the 47th emperor of japan  ,  according to the traditional order of succession  .
landlord faces $15 , 000 bill .
she is one year old .  she celebrates her birthday .
it is made by reacting antimony trioxide with nitric acid  .
they fight in the stores .
there was then a big attempt to hold the city s sewage by building huge sewers on the north and south river banks  ,  led by engineer joseph bazalgette  .
ex-cia officer jailed in portugal for her alleged role in kidnapping a terrorism suspect .
at the same time  ,  air force and hawaiʻi brought their women s sports into the wac  .
ken beatrice ,  leading figure of washington sports radio ,  dies at 72 .
the pope talks about climate change .  he says that it is a problem and that we must solve this problem .
former school aide ,  choir director pleads guilty to child porn charges .
it is cold so she puts it in a towel .
also  ,  in the same sentences  ,  we have `` femina  for a subject and `` feminam  for object  .
abstinence is a voluntary restraint from following a desire or appetite for certain bodily activities that are widely experienced as giving pleasure  .
pandas are pregnant for up to 163 days .  the zoo must wait to see if the panda is pregnant
kelly: we would not ignore a court order .
its door is open .
a league is an old unit of length  .
there is no proper  ,  formal generic name for these people because they belong to diverse ethnicities and tend to identify themselves by the larger families  ,  castes and tribes  .
the source of these fossils were the coastal cliffs that surround lyme which are part of a geological formation known as the blue lias  .
they talk about the visit .
bowerbirds are most known for their unique courtship behavior  ,  where males build a structure and decorate it with sticks and brightly colored objects  .
bad day for summer school: air conditioning falters as temperatures soar .
in 1995  ,  marco recorded `` home on the strange   ,  in which he reprised his kelton character for dionysus records  .
a train travels to barcelona ,  spain .
in march  ,  the soviets quit the war for good and signed the treaty of brest-litovsk  .
after mariska s birth  ,  mansfield sued for the mexican divorce to be declared legal  .
the situation is the worst in liberia .
in 1997  ,  lawless was named one of the `` 50 most beautiful people in the world  by people magazine  .
more countries are joining the fight against terrorism .
it’s a little trick that i will play with you .
three die when mercedes slams into tree in southern maryland .
the fish are frozen in designs .  there are 25 types of fish .
abraham `` bram  stoker ( 8 november 1847 - 20 april 1912 ) was an irish writer  ,  best remembered as the author of the influential vampire novel dracula  .
he is eleven years old .
why donald trump is dredging up all the old clinton scandals .
this happens in north london .  a criminal robs a shop .
carter later said that  ,  next to his parents  ,  rickover had the greatest influence on him  .
after this  ,  it became a detached installation of homestead joint air reserve base  .
suspended usda researcher alleges agency tried to block his research into harmful effects of pesticides on bees ,  butterflies .
this news is about the moon .  there was a full moon on the 2nd of july .
although lilly asked to do the character s wirework herself  ,  because she had experience doing her own stunts on lost  ,  that work was performed by a stunt double  .
sears executives decided to combine the thousands of employees in offices throughout the chicago area into one building on the western area of chicago s loop  .
in linear regression  ,  these functions are linear linear regression was the first type of regression analysis to be studied rigorously  .
through the late 80s and early 90s  ,  in the `` hair-band  era  ,  coverdale kept whitesnake going with great success  .
and was originally called the `` tna legends championship   .
kenny g is the biggest-selling instrumental musician with global sales totaling more than 75 million records  .
elizabeth cutter morrow was the first acting president of smith college and the first female head of the college  ,  but she did not use the title of president  .
however  ,  there was still # 13 , 000 to pay on the mortgage  ,  a large amount of money in the 1880s  ,  and henry was at the time still only a parish priest  .
shadows-on-the-teche is an old plantation house at 317 e .  main st .   ,  new iberia  ,  louisiana  .
another theory suggests that the term is derived from the name aki nabalu meaning the `` revered place of the dead   ,  in which  ,  aki means `` ancestors  or `` grandfather   ,  and nabalu being a name for the mountain in the dusun language  .
they had an important football match to play there .
the police come in a few minutes .  they take the man to the ground .
the summer of kidspost takes a journey down south .
`` special cases  is a song on english trip-hop band massive attack s fourth full-length album  ,  100th window  .
scientists decode key molecular gateway for toxin that causes botulism .
tampa bay lightnings ryan malone charged with dui ,  possession of cocaine .
the british army promoted him to lieutenant colonel and he was made a companion of the order of the bath  .
we don’t know why he does it .
jay gruden plays along with his job-security narrative following redskins’ historic comeback victory .
much of the neighborhood has 19th - and early 20th-century row houses and apartment buildings  .
heroes to fight back  .
the video shows a tiger .
rodin had a unique ability to model a complex  ,  turbulent  ,  deeply pocketed surface in clay  .
one man from the usa lived alone for a long time .  he lived for 30 years in the woods .
gene wilder ,  actor known for nimble comic portrayals of neurotics ,  dies at 83 .
west ham striker andy carroll injures right foot during training .
st .  mirren park has become the regular home of the scotland national under-21 football team  .
the city itself has seen some changes over time  .
he asked his girlfriend to marry him .
remembering that may help you avoid becoming a biter  .
copper ( ii ) sulfate  ,  also known as cupric sulfate  ,  copper sulfate  ,  blue vitriol  ,  or bluestone  ,  is a chemical compound  .
two doctors work at a university hospital .
downstream  ,  the next bridge is westminster bridge  .
the two pieces are then cut apart and the two lengths of fabric are wound on separate take-up rolls  .
hrh princess lalla salma inaugurates reproductive health reference center for breast and uterine cancer early detection .
jets cheerleaders awarded $325 , 000 settlement in class-action lawsuit against team .
the alps do not make an impassable block ; they have been traveled by for war and commerce  ,  and later by pilgrims  ,  students and tourists  .
if this pushing is too strong ,  it can lead to heart attacks .
the second follows from the definition of − 1 as additive inverse of 1  ,  that is  ,  when added to 1  ,  it gives 0  .
the isles form part of the hebrides  ,  and are separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch  ,  the little minch and the sea of the hebrides  .
the spacecraft took the picture 46 , 292 miles (74 , 500 km) above the planet
the ceos of goldman sachs ,  jpmorgan are worth $261 million more since the election .
kewaunee county is a county in the u . s .  state of wisconsin  .
rolling stone put prince at number 27 on its list of the 100 greatest artists of all time .
he has reported for independent television news  .
today  ,  the style is used when referring to dukes and duchesses in the united kingdom  ,  who are not members of the royal family  .
the naked mole rat is one of the two species of mammals that exhibit eusociality  .
a focus of this district is east fort king street  ,  featuring many excellent examples of victorian architecture  .
that is a lot of money .
the three ships made a faster trip than the first fleet  ,  arriving at port jackson in the last week of june 1790  .
an egyptian-german archaeological team discovers the statue
if you are happy and relaxed ,  the horse is happy and relaxed ,  too .
the game was the highest selling arcade game of 1983 in north america  .
a family gets a shock .  they find an alligator under their car .
study law and equip yourselves .
subway to remove controversial chemical from bread .
people think that it is old .  scientists study the cloth .
the payment covered one half or less of the production costs of the music video  ,  and black s family could have paid nothing in exchange for giving up all rights to the song  .
at vengeance  ,  melina lost the women s championship to candice  ,  and failed to wim the title back at the great american bash  .
it entered service with hapag-lloyd flug ( now tuifly ) in 1998  .
he said: we are for justice - always .
starlings have varied and complex songs  ,  and may copy sounds from their surroundings  ,  including car alarms  ,  and human speech  .
marcus smart shoved a texas tech fan; .
his final work topic was `` representation of american sign language for machine translation  .
israeli navy arrests two young gaza fishermen .
on november 3  ,  1998  ,  paul cellucci was elected as governor of the commonwealth of massachusetts  ,  narrowly defeating democratic attorney general scott harshbarger  .
the following is from a 1965 essay : baraka died january 9  ,  2014 in newark  ,  new jersey after being hospitalized in the facility s intensive care unit for one month prior to his death  .
death of severely autistic man after police encounter is ruled an accident .
mitt romney takes credit for obamacare ,  a law he vowed to repeal .
on 3 march  ,  1974 a turkish airlines dc-10 jet crashed near paris in france killing all 346 people on board  .
to the southwest of the core  ,  the luminous outline of the galaxy can be traced out to a distance of 260 thousand parsecs  .
two tornadoes were reported in kentucky during the early afternoon on april 4  .
astrophysicists agree that once a black hole is in place in the center of a galaxy  ,  it can grow by attracting matter and by merging with other black holes  .
he can see with sound .
george kennedy ,  oscar-winning character actor of ‘cool hand luke , ’ dies at 91 .
they talk but it does not go well .  some politicians get angry .
the band recorded their debut album blizzard of ozz which was released on september 20  ,  1980 and became a success  .
and other countries with all imaginable conditions and services .
toronto police charge justin bieber with assault .
self-funded team led by an er doctor wins ‘star trek’-inspired competition .
the motherwell football & athletic club ltd .  is a scottish football club based in motherwell  ,  north lanarkshire  .
the plague of 1771 was the last big plague in central russia  ,  killing 100 , 000 people in moscow alone  .
presentation software  ,  such as openoffice . org impress  ,  apple keynote or microsoft powerpoint  ,  is often used to generate the presentation content  .
it says that it tests a small hydrogen bomb .
the image is black and white .  it is an image of the building behind the pyramid .
ejection increases the polyp s chance of surviving short-term stress-they can regain algae  ,  possibly of a different species  ,  at a later time  .
the mayor of budapest speaks at the tower .  he says that the tower can promote budapest .
thank you ,  u . s .  navy ,  for a great national gallery of art director .
john abercrombie ,  influential jazz guitarist of the ’70s fusion scene ,  dies at 72 .
wikipedia s coverage of subjects is patchy  ,  based on the whims of its volunteer contributors ( in particular  ,  subjects of interest to young technical people are likely  ,  but not certain  ,  to receive heavier coverage than other subjects )  .
students wrote an article .
a study says bullied children are more likely to have mental health problems when they are adults .
the division is located on the coast north of the hawkesbury river  .
worship of benzaiten arrived in japan in the 6th to 8th centuries  ,  mainly through the chinese translations of the sutra of golden light  .
fab melo waived by memphis grizzlies .
palenquero is a spanish-african creole language spoken in colombia  .
tom foley ,  former us house speaker ,  dies at 84 .
the severe thunder of the thunderstorms resulted in at least nine deaths from lightning in the al mahrah  ,  taizz and lahij governorates  .
three years is too long for administrative leave .
long island power authority offers to redeem up to $2 . 5 billion of its bonds .
she has not said whether she will be reprising the role again  ,  although on doctor who confidential she said that she thinks `` it s never really the end for the doctor and rose  but it probably was `` for the foreseeable future   .
heres a look at yondu from guardians of the galaxy .
man accused of stealing from boy scouts .
gout occurs nearly half of the time without hyperuricemia and most people with raised uric acid levels never develop gout  .
on about july 26  ,  a large and well-organized tropical wave formed off the coast of africa and slowly moved westward  .
he stops them if they are too rough .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life  .
this led to a severed tendon which kept daly out for two weeks  .
the battle  ,  called operation praying mantis by the u . s .  side  ,  was started in retaliation for the 14 april mining of the uss samuel b .  roberts ( ffg-58 ) by iran  .
she told the cabin crew they would lose their jobs .
situated in berlin s lichterfelde  ,  the dma constitutes a department of the german national library ( deutsche nationalbibliothek )  .
in 2001  ,  pope john paul ii visited the mosque  ,  primarily to visit the relics of john the baptist  .
these workers proved that mice which could not respond to lps had mutations which abolished the function of tlr4  .
lady macbeth is a fictional character in william shakespeare s play macbeth ( c . 1603-1607 )  .
they then realize they are now hopelessly lost  ,  and decide to simply `` head south   .
how to determine depreciation of land and a house .
the world heavyweight champion  ,  triple h  ,  won against the intercontinental champion  ,  kane  ,  and continued to be the world heavyweight champion while the intercontinental championship became inactive  .
casey janssen addresses his future with the nationals .
the british police has a new campaign .
not all countries like the idea .
muslim student is kicked off junior-college basketball team after national anthem incident .
long grb afterglow observations at high redshift ( great distances ) also suggest grbs originate in star-forming regions  .
calaya ,  a national zoo gorilla ,  is pregnant and due in the spring .
proton motor fuel cell launches higher power fuel cell stack .
and here were five thousand of them ,  all the same ,  in only one garden .
he said: we are for justice - always .

super monkey ball has three modes of gameplay : main game  ,  party games  ,  and mini-games  .
patrick wilson defends katherine heigl .
the one area where racial disparities in housing have disappeared .
emirates to start flights from kabul .
to tie in with the movie  ,  there was a series of novels as well as a comic book mini-series that tell stories that take place before the movie  .
exercise helps elderly women with cognitive impairment .
however ,  he joins a club .
the theory of state preeminence over local governments was called the `` dillon rule  in an 1868 case : `` municipal corporations owe their origin to  ,  and derive their powers and rights wholly from  ,  the legislature  .
the two main types of naengmyeon are mul naengmyeon and bibim naengmyeon  .
after the location name there are the emission test and vehicle safety test stickers ( see below )  ,  followed by one or two letters and one to four numbers  .
johor is surrounded by pahang to the north  ,  malacca and negeri sembilan to the northwest  ,  and the straits of johor to the south which is divided by the international border between malaysia and the republic of singapore  .
a railroad town that doesn’t want another train .
coalition of advocates urges obama to expand clemency initiative .
the line is 20 km long with 16 stations and operated by sbs transit  .
mcnair was offered a full scholarship to the university of florida to play defensive back but wanting to play quarterback  .
in leap years  ,  chaitra has 31 days and starts on march 21  .
murrells inlet man pleads guilty to solicitation of a minor .
currently there is some debate if olmec symbols  ,  dated to 650 bc  ,  are actually a form of writing which is older than the earliest zapotec writing dated to about 500 bc  .
john w .  littlefield ,  former pediatrics chief at hopkins ,  dies at 91 .
qantas bought more 717s  ,  as well as hawaiian airlines and midwest airlines  .
he was drafted by the houston astros in the first round of the 1969 amateur draft  .
once the party of law and order ,  republicans are now challenging it .
more than 20 d . c .  attorneys ,  magistrate judges apply for d . c .  superior court judgeship .
previously  ,  wigs had been set with caustic chemicals to form curls  ,  but these recipes were too harsh to use on human skin  .
this robot is special .  it can build itself .
not everyone likes xiaomi .
soldiers and other people will be safer with clothes that repair quickly and easily .
experts find three bodies .  the bodies are two women and one man .
schaffhausen is in a finger of swiss territory surrounded on three sides by germany  .
builders switched to brick masonry with clay tiled roofs  ,  to reduce the fire hazard  .
he had argued successfully for the sequencing of c .  elegans to show that large-scale genome sequencing projects could be done  .
obama welcomes miami heat to white house .
the crystals then stay in joints  ,  tendons  ,  and surrounding tissues  .
he waits with her .  later ,  the man wants to adopt the baby .
miguel de cervantes was a writer .
islamic tv preacher denies link to bangladesh attack ,  accuses media of unfair trial .
the paper claims that the probability of truncated differentials attacks is 2-57  . 3 per block and that it will take about 251 chosen plaintexts ( 32 pib worth of data ) to find a good pair of truncated differentials  .
he has co-written several other movies  ,  such as f . i . s . t .   ,  rhinestone  ,  over the top and the first three rambo movies  .
millis lions offer christmas tree removal .
all we know is falling is the debut album of the band paramore  .
in cicero s time these records were called annales maximi  .
some short stories were published in 1837 as twice-told tales  .
lone star tick bites are likely the cause of severe red meat allergies .
apple said the doj wanted to give apple a bad name .
however ,  he seems happy .  he likes the people at the centre .
in 1969  ,  galaxy was sold to universal publishing and distribution corporation ( upd ) and pohl quit  .
they want to know how the man was hurt .
adult western diamondback rattlesnakes usually grow up to the length of 120 cm ( 3 . 9 ft )  ,  but some grow up to the length of 150 cm ( 4 . 9 ft ) and 180 cm ( 5 . 9 ft )  .
vidya balan fits the bill as bobby jasoos: .
then-pakistani president and ex-army chief of army staff ( pakistan ) pervez musharraf promised in 2002 to curb infiltration into the territorial dispute  .
there are certain parts in the constitution that may affect the rights of lgbt pakistani citizens  .
stillman to furlough for employees in april ,  may .
nate robinson to live tweet his game 4 performance against brooklyn .
report: markieff morris will not face charges stemming from airport incident .
at the age of eleven  ,  he played at new york s carnegie hall  .
the united states agreed to leave as of december 1959  .
a village is electrified when 10 per cent of its buildings have power .
colin kaepernick refuses to stand for national anthem to protest police killings .
keshia knight pulliams ex wants joint custody of daughter ,  ex-wife vouches for him .
at the 2000 american comedy awards  ,  krakowski won rave reviews when she performed a sexually-charged musical tribute and love letter to microsoft chairman  ,  bill gates  .
samael is also sometimes said to be the angel who wrestled with jacob  ,  and also the angel who held back the arm of abraham as he was about to sacrifice his son  .
have fun with the jokes
el greco was born in crete  ,  which was the center of post-byzantine art at that time  .
madison  ,  however  ,  rejected the concept of nullification and the notion that his arguments supported such a practice  .
sharon osbourne admits: ozzy cheated on me with ‘six’ women .
it is the home stadium of manchester city f . c .   ,  in manchester  ,  england  ,  at 20:45 cest ( 19:45 local time ) on 14 may 2008  .
they hope their plant lights could replace electric lights and street lights .
has a new project to help new fathers .
a baby girl christens the spaceship .
lara dutta launches her new bridal collection .
in 1982  ,  the u . s .  became the first country to host three world championship grands prix in one season  .
type ii cepheids ( also termed population ii cepheids ) are population ii variable stars which pulsate with periods between 1 and 50 days  .
they had only been in belgium for 20 years  ,  so the majority of people of the east cantons still thought of themselves as german  .
although the carrier zuikaku was undamaged  ,  she had lost almost half her airplanes and was in port in kure awaiting new planes and pilots  .
people who visit las vegas in the las vegas strip are mostly in paradise  ,  nevada  ,  the other is in winchester  ,  nevada not in the city of las vegas  .
electrons are negatively charged while protons are positively charged  .
the house of windsor is the current royal house of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and each of the other commonwealth realms  .
the man’s hands look like little trees .
thus whilst the other saxon-thuringian principalities were later incorporated into the german democratic republic after world war ii  ,  coburg became part of west germany as a result  ,  the town spent the cold war years lying right next to the iron curtain  ,  surrounded by east german territory on three sides  .
fairfax county police say burglars entered homes after finding unlocked cars .
in the 1643 able to bear arms list  ,  francis cooke and his sons jacob and john jr .   ,  are listed with those from plymouth  .
