This news is about a cat. He is the longest house cat in the world.
This skatepark is in the mountains.
The zookeepers freeze their food. They give them the food in ice.
Many tourists visit the island. They feed the cats.
They give them frozen food. There are 2700 animals at the zoo. They eat two tonnes of frozen food every day
She does not know what to do, but she says that she feels like something has given her a second chance
The tank is ten metres deep in the water.
In Brazil, a beached whale is laying on a beach. People want to help it.
Priscilla thinks that Elvis would like the centre. He liked sharing things with his fans.
Earth Hour is a campaign.
He starts the Cuban Revolution. He fights capitalist and colonial oppression.
He injures fifty-three people. This happens in Orlando, Florida.
The faster you are, the better. Athletes from Taiwan win 11 gold medals at the World Championship.
One company moves into the building. It has floors 20 to 44. More people will move in the building in 2015
The parents collect around a hundred thousand pounds.
That is 1. 1 million square kilometres. This is a historic moment.
British vets find the orangutan. He is sick and afraid. The vets save him.
They take him. There are people and reporters, too
It finds mosques and centres to pray. It is for Muslim travellers.
There are 35 sharks in the tank.
This happens in Orlando, Florida.
People see this and film it. They put the pictures and videos on the Internet.
The fish is very special. It gets big when it is in danger.
Some spiders live on the ground. If it rains a lot, these spiders leave.
A man leaves his home early in the morning. He sees a bear.
One woman wants to find out. She flies a paramotor with the swans
People play a football match in Santiago de Chile.
Trump does nothing.
He is in pain. He falls to the ground.
They do yoga with their dogs. They want to break a record for the biggest dog yoga event.
The balloon is light now. The pilot flies to a beach. He lands safely on the beach.
Roger Federer and Lleyton Hewitt are professional tennis players. They play tennis under a bridge.
It is from Peru. It looks for food in a canal.
This year, there will be 800,000 refugees.
Queen Victoria was the British Queen. She ruled for 63 years and 216 days.
This happens in southern Italy. Two men enter a pizzeria.
His name is Xiao. He looks like Barack Obama.
Ten migrants try to cross the border to Serbia. This happens last year.
Some things are 10 times more expensive there. In May, there are 641 protests.
It is a type of shark. It is not dangerous
They are a brother and a sister. This eruption is deadly.
People cannot march, but they can do something else.
A young man goes to a supermarket. It is his first day at work.
In 2009, he covers a slum in Nairobi. He covers it with pictures of women.
At the bottom of the tower, there will be a visitor centre. There will be a lift, too
If you like the backpack, you can tell your friends about it. You can send them this article.
In 2015, a dog sets a world record. She catches balls.
He is on a 70-metre crane.
There are not many gorillas in the world. They are endangered
French president Emmanuel Macron has a large funeral procession for Hallyday. He is a fan of the singer.
There are 40,000 people with anorexia in France.
The air is 17 times worse than the limits.
This solar race is the biggest solar vehicle event in the world
They put 100 Christmas trees into their small house.
The man was lost in a national park in Borneo Island. He was lost on the twentieth of October.
It is stuck. A sheriff’s deputy wants to help the bear. He breaks the window.
The art gallery is on a sunken ship. The photographs are behind glass.
Death rates from road accidents are high in Russia, higher than in most Western countries.
They call for help, but the Japanese man dies.
There is an explosion. More than 90 people die
Soon, they will leave the nest
One doga session costs about £25
Famous people walk with models with Down’s Syndrome in the fashion show.
It is very funny, but also very important. The show wants to send a message.
A one-year-old baby boy plays outside.
The panda is like a rock star
A tiger kills a person who works at the park
Renault shows an electric sports car.
The 2018 Winter Olympics are in South Korea. The competition and the entertainment is exciting.
People organise a race in England. Around 5,000 people run in the race.
The dogs also destroy furniture. They destroy 26 sofas
She lives in Texas, USA. She has a prosthetic leg. Her parents talk to a company that makes prosthetics.
Dresden is a city in Germany. The city is famous for its cake.
The city of Dubai is looking for new ideas to stop fire.
They throw stones and set trees on fire. This happens close to an Israeli military base. The Israeli soldiers don’t like this.
It follows the tiger everywhere. It even sleeps in the tiger’s house.
A one-year-old baby boy plays outside.
People are paddle boarding. A helicopter flies to them.
This is because you can easily buy an acid. Buying a gun or a large knife is not easy.
Britain is one of them. Ten per cent of people in Britain have no cash in their pockets.
He also says that his wife knows about the murders
They have life jackets, a small outboard, and a flag.
They also pray for good harvests during the rainy season
They kick him and shoot him four times.
People write their hopes and dreams online. Then the organizers at the library cut them into the ice.
A traffic camera films an owl. It is a snowy owl.
She shows everyone that people with disabilities can have talent.
In Australia, his wife and children meet him.
The boy gets inside a washing machine.
This comes just hours after another gaffe. Prime Minister David Cameron talks to the Queen. He says that Afghanistan and Nigeria are “fantastically corrupt“
A stray bullet hits her.
There are four teams. There are 10 people in each team.
A man comes to use the phone. He finds the baby.
It gets power again. It sends information to scientists again
The operation is successful. The soldier is fine
She is one kilogram heavy. She hasn’t got a name yet, but she already likes her mother.
You can walk among the monkeys. There is nothing between you and the monkeys.
The typhoon hits Tokyo. One person dies.
He proves that the Big Bang is the start of the universe. He proves that the universe will end in black holes
An art critic talks about the mural. The mural shows that it is still difficult to be a black person on the streets