there is a camera on the train .
taliban fighters seize afghan territory as nato chief visits kabul .
some parents do not agree .  they say that the sport must stay the same .
the building is 302 metres tall .
when they see the babies ,  the babies are holding hands
they have two sons and one daughter  .
the fairfax county school board cares for our transgender students .
on february 9  ,  2011  ,  it was announced by the miami herald that miami had won the right to host the event  .
in the table below  ,  the hydroxyl group can stay in three different positions on an n-pentane chain to make three different compounds  .
gas pipelines blown up in sindh ,  balochistan .
an interesting property of hyperbolic geometry follows from the occurrence of more than one parallel line through a point p : there are two classes of non-intersecting lines  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
aung san suu kyi won’t be able to hold the military in burma accountable .
about 50 passengers go to hospital .  india has the world’s third largest rail system .  this system is big ,  but it needs repairs .
a whale gets caught in a fishing net .
u . s .  park police officer wounded in accidental shooting in northwest washington .
he has acted in several television series in a career of more than fifty years  ,  including his roles as bret maverick in the popular 1950s western-comedy series  ,  maverick and jim rockford in the popular 1970s detective drama  ,  the rockford files  .
google agrees to buy drone maker titan aerospace .
p321 the painter s handbook notes a problem with using oil paints over an acrylic gesso ground instead of a traditional oil ground  ,  citing a mismatch in flexibility over time that could cause the oil paint to delaminate ( flake off )  .
their first cd  ,  called old world underground  ,  where are you now  ?
four montgomery candidates make their cases for how they would lead the county .
man ,  24 ,  arrested in fatal shooting in southeast washington .
the first time was to emanuel sandhu at the 2003-2004 grand prix final  .
only australia  ,  france  ,  new zealand  ,  and the people s republic of china have embassies  ,  high commissions  ,  or missions in port vila  .
the conditions of the pact were such that the succeeding and final two partitions of poland were inevitable  .
chevon walker may be back in the game .
the couples wear funny clothing .
dramatic video shows north korean soldier making a run for freedom .
the famous all blacks rugby team started using it in 1905 .
pgp and other similar products follow the openpgp standard ( rfc 4880 ) for encrypting and decrypting data  .
can samsung weather the note 7 debacle ?  .
the winner gets 1 , 000 us dollars
the u . s .  is heading toward a dangerous showdown with china .
plautus did not make up or encourage irreverence to the gods  ,  but used the ideas of his time  .
ned kelly and the kelly gang has been made famous by sidney nolan wearing the armor designed by joe byrne in a famous set of paintings  .
yulia s albums `` into the west  and `` montage  had three top 40 radio hits in new zealand  ,  `` into the west   ,  `` angel  & `` we re all alone   .
as with the years required to receive an advanced degree  ,  it might take some users a few years to reach the same levels of civilized behavior  .
( easa ) in 1990  ,  the so-called `` cyprus agreement  caused the european joint aviation authority ( jaa ) to be established  .
the daintree region is home to a number of rare and endangered species  ,  including the southern cassowary and bennett s tree-kangaroo  .
an alarming number of scientific papers contain excel errors .
in 1930 ,  a women flew from england to australia .
among its more famous critics are the evolutionary biologists richard dawkins  ,  ford doolittle  ,  and stephen jay gould  .
it is part four in the jurassic park series .
islamic state claims strikes on turkish artillery as tensions rise on turkey-syria border .
georgetown ,  virginia gain high seeds in ncaa women’s soccer tournament .
maserati range launched .
conspiracies being hatched against mqm .
body of missing leesburg teen found .
this event is attended by large crowds  ,  and is showed on tv  .
man fatally stabbed in northwest washington .
in 2006  ,  at the age of 15  ,  she sang for l .  a .  reid  .
skywatch: march roars in full of planetary events .
off-duty d . c .  police sergeant shot and killed in baltimore .
an aquifer is a geologic layer which can hold water such as sand and gravel  ,  limestone  ,  or sandstone  ,  through which water flows and is stored  .
since 1941  ,  the uso became the soldier s `` home away from home  and began a tradition of entertaining the troops with live performances called camp shows that continues today  .
in the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of american ingenuity and a decorative motif  .
man fatally shot late saturday night in fort washington; suspect sought .
two men charged with murder in 2014 stabbing in d . c .  .
in section 64  ,  there is a memorial to the 184 victims of the september 11 attacks on the pentagon  .
it contains some of the earliest and most accurate descriptions of phenomena such as colored shadows  ,  refraction  ,  and chromatic aberration  .
he is 2 .
a company in america produces something new .  the company names it the xm42 .
capitals’ t . j .  oshie missed thursday’s game because his daughter is in the hospital .
cambodia postpones military programs with australia .
in 2006 dualstar and leisure publishing llc started a magazine called `` sprouse bros .   .
it is also  ,  uniquely  ,  the chapel of christ church  ,  the largest college of the university of oxford  .
philip seymour hoffman found dead .
it is the third largest city in the continent of africa ( after lagos and cairo )  .
the babies die from problems with breathing .
sassafras is a genus that contains three current and one extinct species of deciduous trees in the family lauraceae  .
cast of the ‘real housewives of potomac’ celebrates season 2 and ,  of course ,  drama ensues .
prince willem-alexander had indicated that if he became king  ,  he would take the name william iv  ,  but it was announced on 28 january 2013 that his regnal name would be william-alexander  .
abbott was born in london  ,  england to an australian mother ; her father was dutch ; her mother was welsh  .
the man wants people to take a break from social media .
ex-chief of pathology nonprofit gets 4 years for stealing from organization .
it ended in a defeat of the georgian government s forces  .
there will also be a one-korea ice hockey team .
in may 2007 west joined a demonstration against `` injustices faced by the palestinian people resulting from the israeli occupation  and `` to bring attention to this 40 year travesty of justice   .
rapper chris brown diagnosed with bipolar disorder .
government ,  citing ruling ,  again will accept requests for daca protection .
some of the people are the prisoners’ families .  they can meet and talk to them .
john turner ( c .  1590 - winter of 1620\/21 ) was a passenger on the historic mayflower voyage with his two sons  .
replay debuted at # 10 on the korean music charts and peaked at # 8  ,  selling 17 , 957 copies in the first half of 2008  .
on september 1  ,  1939  ,  world war ii started when nazi germany attacked poland  ,  and the soviet union attacked on september 17  .
levels were designed with many routes so that players can climb through air ducts  ,  back doors and sewers to avoid enemies or find hidden secrets  .
the bridge overturns .  seven people die .
he said it was a historic day in the development .
online apprenticeship applications increase .
martini also recorded the team s only front row start  ,  2nd at the 1990 united states grand prix  .
researchers say children should learn more outdoors .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
evgeny kuznetsov named nhl’s ‘first star’ of january .
can the catholic church save democracy in congo ?  .
david mark morrissey ( born 21 june 1964 ) is an english actor and film director  .
the front can be opened for feeding or closed for protection  .
however ,  many people are getting angry .
hyundai’s super bowl commercial shows its heart .
which fictional characters style do you most want to steal ?  .
the education division holds educational sessions for federal judges and court staff  .
he was held for 15 nights under the federal material-witness statute ( a law that allows police to hold people who are going to testify in court ) because he was to testify in the trial of sami omar al-hussayen  .
there are also events of no safety relevance  ,  characterized as `` out of scale   .
someone said the protestors were frightening .
mali borders algeria to the north  ,  niger on the east  ,  burkina faso and the côte divoire on the south  ,  guinea on the south-west  ,  and senegal and mauritania on the west  .
dumfries councilman found dead .
the only port the allies had captured was cherbourg  ,  near the original invasion beaches  ,  but the germans had wrecked and mined it  .
his father  ,  fulk the red  ,  had arranged his marriage to a carolingian  ,  gerberga  ,  the daughter of ratburnus i viscount of vienne  .
,  angle  ,  who originally led the wwf wrestlers  ,  explained that he represented what is great about america -- he was a winner  ,  and his defection came from his decision to fight along the winning side  .
it hosted the track cycling in the 2002 commonwealth games  ,  and the uci world championships in 1996  ,  2000 and 2008  .
he says that britain and china have a good relationship
the camel was credited with shooting down 1 , 294 enemy aircraft  ,  more than any other allied fighter  .
residents in wellington spent last day of easter for sports .
the replica is as big as a real train .  when they finish ,  they move the train .
woody attempts to rescue buzz with andy s rc car but the other toys  ,  who think that woody got rid of rc  ,  toss woody off onto the road  .
when i sleep in my bed ,  i think that there is somebody under my bed .
fratellis opens in ephrata: .
some genetic tests are worthwhile ,  some are not .
blessed has also starred in andrew lloyd webber s cats as both old deuteronomy and bustopher jones during the original west end theater production  .
who owns these cats ?  maybe ,  they are one of the leader’s pets .
a large oil-painted portrait of lydia is still in the foyer of the county courthouse  .
the man falls on the ground .  his shoe flies away .
canopus is a strong source of x-rays  ,  which are probably produced by its corona  ,  magnetically heated to around 15 million k .  canopus is part of the scorpius-centaurus association  ,  a group of stars which share similar origins  .
why conservatives want to cancel congress’s lame-duck session ,  explained .
the nostrils were located at the top  ,  allowing the creature to breathe with only the upper side of its head breaking the surface  .
leonardo wilhelm dicaprio ( born november 11  ,  1974 in los angeles  ,  california ) is an american actor  .
gm to replace parts to halt oil leaks in several older car models .
elliot begins to introduce boog to a world of sweet temptations outside of the garage that he has never known  .
gamesradar described charizard as `` hands-down one of the coolest pokémon out there   ,  heavily praising its character design and calling it `` one of the coolest  designs of the entire series  .
after 40 years of trying ,  experts can now do this with dogs ,  too .  this is an important moment in science .
growth is slow as food is not abundant at depths where the animals live  .
in brazil ,  a beached whale is laying on a beach .  people want to help it .
as the pinhole is made smaller  ,  the image gets sharper  ,  but the light-sensitivity decreases  .
the girls returned in january and february 2009 on their just got paid  ,  let s get laid tour  ,  which sold out every date  .
college football is rigged against black head coaches .
why amazon thought that the mets’ david wright was 234 years old .
not everybody can buy a jetpack
many people come out in paris .  they want to say goodbye to him .
these features are part of the tyrannosaurid trend towards an increasingly powerful bite  .
a great-granddaughter of henry vii by his younger daughter mary  ,  jane was a first-cousin-once-removed of edward vi  .
it was planted on a high terrace about 6 . 5 m ( 21 . 3 ft ) above the ground and surrounded by railings  ,  and today it is one of the most sacred objects of the buddhists in sri lanka and respected by buddhists all over the world  .
teenage drivers are the most likely to crash .
candidate for md .  governor says state should start single-payer health program .
metro transit police looking for six individuals in connection with red line attack .
dennis macalistair ritchie ( b .  september 9  ,  1941 ; found dead october 12  ,  2011 )  ,  was an american computer scientist who `` helped shape the digital era  .
nelson is the co-chair of the national organization for the reform of marijuana laws ( norml ) advisory board  .
he will fly it hundreds of meters in the air .
over 90 credit unions pursue merger options .
after her death  ,  consumer demand for her recordings grew significantly  ,  and she had sold more than 80 million records by 2001  .
angela mcewan ,  late-blooming actress in ‘nebraska , ’ dies at 81 .
a fixed noon and fixed day are essential for railways timetabling  ,  so greenwich mean time was adopted  .
a car hits him .  he falls under the car .
kubica was in 3rd place in the opening round  ,  when he collided with vettel while battling for 2nd place  .
the u .
the local baseball team was called the tidewater tides for years  .
harry is written as an orphan living unhappily with his only family left  ,  the cruel dursleys  .
he was the last roman catholic king of scotland  ,  england  ,  or ireland  .
browne was a son of william brown of dorking  .
the ces is the consumer electronic show .
the tempo of quickstep dance is rather brisk as it was developed to ragtime era jazz music which was fast-paced compared to other dance music  .
the plane lands in hawaii .
wait ?  wait for what ?  wait until the sun goes down .
king s cross railway station first opened in 1852  .
i shall not be sorry for this  .  .  .  certain persons  .  .  .  would be mean enough to say that i have gone to europe to avoid the war   .
he said: i like to do extraordinary things… .
the main feud heading into wrestlemania on the raw brand was between randy orton  ,  john cena  ,  and triple h  ,  with the three feuding over the wwe championship  .
in 1932  ,  he and his family moved to morristown  ,  new jersey  .
woodbridge man arrested in attempted abduction of woman near his home .
d . c .  police officer helping motorist injured when stolen pickup strikes cruiser .
winter weather brings school delays thursday in the d . c .  region .
franz beckenbauer grew up in the working-class district of giesing and started playing football at the age of nine with the youth team of sc munich 06 in 1954  .
ruth lorenzo to represent spain in eurovision .
together they made a distinctive  ,  latin-tinged sound which epitomised chicago soul unlike other music  .
he appeared in exhibition games with the canadians  ,  but found he was unable to play a full shift without running short of breath  .
justice department changes its position in high-profile texas voter-id case .
this is now thought to be one of the greatest nonsense poems written in english  .
aim leased a de havilland dh  . 50 plane from the queensland and northern territory aerial service ( qantas )  .
kellner is brought before a tribunal  ,  and he is threatened with imprisonment in a concentration camp  .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
the word burkini is from the words burka and bikini .   it is a swimsuit for women .
,  the man climbs back down .
rockville elementary school shows elevated levels of radon in retesting .
north point isn’t satisfied after 39-14 win over chopticon completes undefeated season .
metro rider beaten ,  robbed on red line train .
at the 1984 winter paralympics  ,  the downhill event was added to the para-alpine program  .
his song sydney town hit the top 10 in his home city  .
five iron frenzy shooting new music video this weekend .
the first europeans to explore the region were the portuguese navigators diogo cão in 1485 and bartolomeu dias in 1486  .
eyefortransport rebrands to ``eft .
edna kiplagat wins womens london marathon .
he questioned why sin can only be removed from children by paying the catholic church .
`` dandy don  meredith ( april 10  ,  1938 - december 6  ,  2010 ) was an american football player  .
the greater roadrunner makes its nests of sticks in a cactus or on a bush  ,  and lays 3-6 eggs which take about 20 days to hatch  .
ecw s main rivalry was jack swagger and matt hardy fighting over the ecw championship  .
supreme court allows families of terrorism victims to collect iranian assets .
kristen bell and dax shepard tie the knot .
a man s wealth would have been measured by the number of his animals ( small livestock )  ,  peḱus ( cf .  english fee  ,  latin pecunia )  .
however  ,  after losing four of his six matches  ,  including one against rafael limón  ,  he decided to retire forever  .
abalone harvesting is not allowed south of the mouth of the san francisco bay  .
mathematical calculations are done by aligning a mark on the sliding central strip with one on one of the fixes strips  .
its management has been controversial : the area is a flagship site for conservation groups that promote ecosystem management  .
sharon ambrose ,  former d . c .  council member ,  has died .
three d . c .  police officers injured when cars struck .
this is common for the security of heads of state or government  .
however ,  they need to rest .
pavlensky sets another building on fire there .  this is a bank in paris .
beckenbauer made his debut with bayern in the regionalliga süd on the left wing against stuttgarter kickers on 6 june 1964  .
this news is about butterfly pupae .
by october 2003  ,  it had sold almost 3 million copies  .
but together with simon russell beale and alan bates he gave a deliciously droll radio account of the role of marc  .
it is the home ground of the costa rica national football team  .
this book is different ,  however .  it is a play .  the play shows an adult harry potter .
al grassby was the minister for immigration in the whitlam government  .
jeffrey bell ,  gop senate candidate and architect of reaganomics ,  dies at 74 .
the conclusion was that buying the right things can bring happiness .
in the u . s .   ,  the standard style is called american style  ,  typesetters  rules  ,  printers  rules  ,  typographical usage  ,  or traditional punctuation  ,  whereby commas and periods are almost always placed inside closing quotation marks  .
d . c .  schools chancellor asked a major contractor for big money .
tyler seguin ,  rich peverley beat boston in shootout .
nupedia was online from march 2000 until september 2003  .
his first job was assisting his brother nick in preparing race cars near the brands hatch racing circuit in england  .
this test tells her that the baby is not her baby .  after months ,  the mother meets her baby .
associate of aaron hernandez to be arraigned on accessory to murder charge .
even though the name has religious meaning  ,  lead singer orlando weeks said that none of the band are religious in an interview on steve lamacq s bbc radio 1 show  .
with koussevitzky  ,  the orchestra gave radio broadcasts and made its summer home at tanglewood  ,  where koussevitzky founded the berkshire music center  ,  which is now the tanglewood music center  .
today  ,  parts of the original forest survive  ,  covering 180 square kilometres ( 44 , 000 acres ) in 84 places  .
most ballistic mathematical models and hence tables or software assume that one specific drag function correctly describes the drag and hence the flight characteristics of a bullet related to its ballistics coefficient  .
metis  direction of rotation is unknown at present  .
finding nemo is also the best-selling dvd of all time  ,  with over 40 million copies sold as of 2006  ,  and was the highest-grossing g-rated film of all time before pixar s own toy story 3 overtook it  .
only the expurgated records of deceased family members are publicly available to scholars and researchers  .
a specific type of english is commonly used in academic speeches and writing .
pepsi apologized to christiano ronaldo for ads .
beuve-méry reportedly asked for total editorial independence as the condition for his taking on the project  .
cabot high school ( chs ) is a public high school for students in grades nine through twelve in cabot  ,  arkansas  .
when they hit the air ,  they make light .
social media marketing vendor hearsay social raises $30 million .
in the past  ,  wikipedia has avoided the use of detailed maps or road maps  ,  in favor of limited  ,  blank maps which had mostly shaded areas to indicate general borders ( edges of regions )  ,  counties or provinces  .
paul simon ( october 13  ,  1941 ) is an american musician and song writer  .
he was introduced to mary parent with universal pictures  ,  who agreed to make the movie after watching the episodes on dvd  .
when you get close ,  your face in the mirror changes .
s .
about 30 per cent of people did this .
madhumita murgia joins the washington post as a stern fellow .
karin dor ,  actress who played bond assassin ,  dies at 79 .
you can put anything in this box .  people put expensive things in these boxes .
they scrape films of algae from the rock with a radula  ,  a ribbon-like tongue with rows of teeth  .
a great big worlds is there anybody out there ?  .
ford posts record first-quarter profit; priceline ceo resigns over conduct .
tribe v .  balkin on whether ted cruz is a natural born citizen .
the new ppo will help future nasa missions .
the washington post wins two polk awards .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
baumgartner scored minardi s first point in more than two years at the united states grand prix  .
ii corps artillery shelled the mountain  .
`` here comes the sun  is a song by george harrison from the beatles  1969 album abbey road  .
however  ,  in some conditions  ,  some species can cause disease by producing an infection or increasing cancer risk for the host  .
illinois bill would outlaw posting ‘video of a crime being committed’ ‘with the intent to promote or condone that activity’ .
behind all the glamor  ,  however  ,  the couple had to face several personal setbacks  .
broadcaster john blumsky dies .
barbirolli was then made conductor of the scottish orchestra ( now called the royal scottish national orchestra )  .
alice malsenior walker ( born february 9  ,  1944 ) is an american author  ,  poet  ,  and activist  .
olympic games are held every two years  ,  with summer and winter olympic games taking turns  .
fossils have been found in a old limestone quarry in the town of delta  .
the colombian president works to end the war .
first abbess of the ladies-convent was matilda  ,  the daughter of king otto i and granddaughter of queen matilda  .
the school houses roughly 500 pupils aged 13 to 18  .
the third largest political party in the u . s .  is the libertarian party  .
companies extract $ 13 million worth of ephedrine from 30 , 000 tons of ephedra per year  ,  10 times the amount that is used in traditional chinese medicine  .
blatter says world cup will be well done .
the capital crescent trail is our best traffic mitigation system .
an italian company makes nutella .
rain stops play in post-lunch session .
indy officer fatally shoots robbery suspect .
dominion power lines project in prince william delayed ,  new hearings announced .
crank that ( soulja boy ) is a song by soulja boy ( also known as soulja boy tell em )  .
she flies out of the plane when it hits the houses .
he appeared at san francisco s the boarding house among other places  .
slot machines include a currency detector that detects if coins and notes are real ones and what values they have  .
unlike the toy soldiers  ,  which cost more  ,  army men are sold at low prices in discount stores  ,  supermarkets  ,  and dollar stores  .
the opening match was for the world tag team championship between champions kane and the big show and carlito and chris masters  .
tamuramaro was only the second warrior to receive the title of shogun  .
the patriarch gives a necklace to the first man .
most pierid butterflies are white  ,  yellow or orange with black spots  .
tenji improved the military forces which had been established during the taika reforms  .
the american football conference ( afc ) is one of the two conferences of the national football league ( nfl )  ,  the other being the national football conference ( nfc )  .
the goal is not just to get to the end of the level  ,  but also to get as many `` beats  ( points ) as the player can  .
they take bribes .  they take $100 million in over 20 years
u . s .  troops are back in restive afghan province ,  a year after withdrawal .
esophageal cancer ( or oesophageal cancer ) is a type of cancer which is found in the esophagus  .
he also played first board for france in four chess olympiads  ,  winning prizes in each  .
they also find more than 500 things .  many of the things are well preserved
in the 20th century  ,  the couesnon was made into a canal  .
ashley michelle tisdale ( born july 2  ,  1985  ,  west deal  ,  new jersey ) is an american actress and singer  .
mike runs upstairs  ,  following the voice  ,  while heather tries to follow  .
gene sharp ,  scholar who provided intellectual underpinings to international peace movement ,  dies at 90 .
she said life could be on the trappist-1 planets .
ray guy elected to pro football hall of fame .
he has a kalashnikov .  in the end ,  police kill him
despite this  ,  russia came back from the august 1998 financial crash with speed  .
the mother and the father are very happy .
european plaice ( pleuronectes platessa ) is the name for a kind of fish  .
although tuition is higher for these non-resident students  ,  their tuition is subsidized by new york state taxpayer dollars  .
albert cornelius freeman  ,  jr .  ( march 21  ,  1934 - august 9  ,  2012 ) was an american actor and director  .
they are changing a lot due to solar and planetary perturbations  .
he trains 2 , 000 pigeons .  he puts a light on each pigeon .
in mrrc spaliviero allegedly met another inmate who offered him to get witnesses in spaliviero s case killed  .
it is about love .
they lived in wangaratta and looked after ellen kelly in her old age  .
she is healthy .  she suddenly dies .
she holds british  ,  canadian and american citizenship  .
it has very low levels of chlorophyll ; some species  ,  such as cuscuta reflexa  ,  can photosynthesize slightly  .
dendritic cells were first described by paul langerhans ( langerhans cells ) in the late nineteenth century  .
a road safety group said: the increase in teen driver fatal crashes is [worrying] and [we] are keeping a watchful eye .
the combined bridgestone firestone north american operations are now based in nashville  ,  tennessee  .
the shovelnose frogs are medium sized frogs  ,  reaching a length of 8 centimetres ( 3 . 1 in )  .
during her career gaprindashvili successfully competed in men s tournaments  ,  tying for first place at lone pine  ,  california in 1977  .
moneycontrol re-launches its property section .
three gang members shot dead at point-blank range during wisconsin drag race ,  authorities say .
trent williams and jordan reed practicing a second straight day .
he goes to prison .  he is in a prison camp for two years .
infineon technologies assigned patent .
for at least 12 years after its publication  ,  the maple leaf rag heavily influenced subsequent ragtime composers with its melody lines  ,  harmonic progressions or metric patterns  .
the other well-known spiral galaxies messier 108 and messier 109 can also be found in this constellation  .
ted cruz did steal ben carson’s votes .  but he did it in november .  .
should chevron deference apply to agency interpretations of statutes with criminal applications ?  .
mail carrier is robbed ,  beaten in ne washington .
he is on an escalator .  one step of the escalator opens .
it is winter .  there is no snow or ice on the road .  the bus breaks through the guardrail .
in the end they said `` red dead redemption is a must-play game  .
nova parks wants to add ‘lazy river’ and a 40-year lease to alexandria water park .
they started a tradition of inviting families to sunday church services in the east room of the white house  .
the american army is interested in them .  they want to use them .
st .  ambrose hosts ashford .
the shedd aquarium was the first inland aquarium with a permanent saltwater fish collection  .
she kisses him on the cheek .
donegal hurlers get off to winning start against fermanagh .
spicejet losses more than net worth says auditors .
there is guinness world record day .
their first exhibition was held in january 1889  ,  at the athenaeum rooms in derby  .
the nematocysts wander through the alimentary canal without harming the nudibranch  .
2001 has been certified sextuple platinum in sales by the riaa after sales of six million copies in the united states  .
it is traditionally made of silver  .
new initiative lets readers pitch their ideas to the post’s editorial board .
what fbi documents say about hillary clinton’s handling of classified information .
there may soon be a drug for the common cold .
over the following 70 or 80 million years the rate of evolution accelerated by an order of magnitude  .
after winning the 2006 italian grand prix  ,  michael schumacher announced his retirement from formula 1  .
the apx ( also known as the `` aluminum performance crossover  ) is an aluminum concept vehicle revealed at the 2006 geneva motor show  .
ghostbusters star harold ramis dies .
in 1891  ,  princess mary  ,  who was liked by queen victoria  ,  became engaged to her double second cousin once removed prince albert victor  ,  the eldest son of prince albert edward  ,  prince of wales  .
he gets on the road ,  and the wind picks up .
it could also help people with bigger problems .
after turkish-persian wars of 1602-1639 western armenia became part of ottoman empire  .
steve hauschka re-signs with seahawks .
obama offers fix to troubled healthcare law .
brand has eddie guerrero versus kurt angle for the wwe championship  .
they put water on him .  they move him back to the sea
e .  clinton bamberger jr .  ,  lawyer who won ‘brady rule’ for criminal defendants ,  dies at 90 .
they find the girl’s uncle .
he lives with his grandparents grim and gram  .
office 365 boosts productivity: .
i can take you further than a ship ,  the snake said .
the pill mill doctor who prescribed thousands of opioids and billed dead patients .
hawaiian punch is the name of a brand of sweetened fruit punch drinks owned by dr pepper\/seven up  ,  inc .  ( dpsu )  .
in addition to traditional parade performances  ,  many bands also perform field shows at special events ( such as football games ) or at competitions  .
how donald trump won wednesday .
it was formally named the line of control after the simla agreement  ,  which was signed on 3 july 1972  .
leila alice daughtry denmark  ,  m . d .  ( february 1  ,  1898 - april 1  ,  2012 ) is an american pediatrician who still worked until she was 103  .
another critic of the bill said it would hurt relations between jews and arabs .
he does this because people in baghdad have different opinions .  they feel differently about saddam hussein
it has its source in the yorkshire wolds  .
upset  ,  ron goes to the south african embassy  .
when he saw a white man for the first time  ,  warlimpirrnga remembers  ,  `` i could nt believe it  .
because of this  ,  she won her first wwe women s championship at wrestlemania 22  .
tetrapods  ,  claws are made of keratin and have of two layers  .
sforzando means a strong  ,  sudden accent and is abbreviated as sf  ,  sfz or fz  .
with the war coming to moscow  ,  eisenstein was one of many filmmakers evacuated to alma-ata  .
he continued his studies at yale university  .
bill clinton and james patterson collaborating on new political thriller .
interested in the mechanism by which lipopolysacchride ( lps ) activates mammalian immune cells  ,  beutler identified the lps receptor  .
zou shiming could fight for world title by end of 2014 .
the proxy marriage ceremony took place at the palace of fontainebleau on 30 august 1679  .
the hotel  ,  which has 159 rooms  ,  was founded by the swiss hotelier  ,  césar ritz  ,  in collaboration with the chef auguste escoffier in 1898  .
the biggest attraction is an ice slide .
third is government or company control of our personal data .
stern was a signatory of the 1950 unesco statement the race question  ,  a statement by leading scientists in many fields that questioned the validity and scientific foundations of racism  .
it is a 1 , 746-acre ( 707 ha ) nature reserve which gets 40 , 000 visits a year  .
the disgusting imagery probably inspired later fiction including that of h .  p .  lovecraft  .
in a typical brachiopod a stalk-like pedicle projects from an opening in one of the valves ( the pedicle valve )  .
jenny and lindsay hold hands as jenny dies from her blood poisoning  .
her parents try to collect 350 thousand pounds .  they want to take their daughter to america .  they want to pay for special operations to save her legs .
one of these is to jupiter to search for alien life .
the name `` escambia  may come from the creek name shambia  ,  meaning `` clearwater   ,  or the choctaw word for `` cane-brake  or `` reed-brake   .
their grounds are within a few hundred yards of each other and are the two closest professional football grounds in the united kingdom  .
montgomery officer helps families flee fire .
joe satriani plays national anthem @ moto gp .
the hylidae family is divided into the following subfamilies and genera : hylidae
in the east it is moist and mountainous with tropical evergreen and hardwood forests  .
connor cook surprisingly goes undrafted through three rounds .
the breeding cycle of the lyrebirds is long  ,  and lyrebirds are long-lived birds  .
because of the north african drought since the beginning of the 1970s many people have moved to the city  .
danone sales growth beats estimates .
in these systems a higher number indicates a stronger player  .
paul pena ( january 26  ,  1950 - october 1  ,  2005 ) was an american singer  ,  songwriter and guitarist  .
the woman bleeds for days .
in va .  ,  lawmakers want to tighten stance on illegal immigration .
they can now see how molecules move .
the text-layout scheme in kword is based on frames  ,  making it look like adobe framemaker  .
there is a video about a killer whale baby .
the man had a bag of food with him .  he had some biscuits ,  hot dogs and beans .  he also had some clothing and a us visa .
in 2010  ,  bush won a super bowl with the saints over the indianapolis colts  .
in 1934  ,  when symphonic pieces from alban berg s lulu were performed by kleiber  ,  the nazis created a scandal and kleiber had to go into exile  .
‘ex libris’ celebrates the new york public library ,  and libraries in general .
members of the british royal family enjoy the show  .
no animal doctor does the caesarean section .
in 1954  ,  colvilles began the first stages of development in ravenscraig  ,  that turned ravenscraig from an empty field into a site for steelworks  .
later in the afternoon  ,  bombers from enterprise and uss yorktown sank hiryu ( aircraft from yorktown also sank sōryū )  .
volunteers needed for story sessions .
german wind farm operator prokon warns of imminent insolvency .
cross-country trips in electric cars are about to get easier .
both sides are getting more and more aggressive
tiger woods to enter first-time offender program after dui arrest .
a rescue boat approaches it .  people start to move .
how the benghazi committee democrats helped hillary clinton .
the segments added several characters as friends of slimer  ,  including the character professor norman dweeb-mad scientist accompanied by a poodle named elizabeth who wanted to capture slimer to experiment on him  .
ex-usaid official pleads guilty in contract scheme .
the sovereign and the knights and dames grand cross have stalls in the choir s area of the chapel  .
karin gayer was born in may 1969 in mödling and lives today in vienna  .
the artist makes the statue from scrap metal .
san jose state university sports teams have won in the ncaa in track and field  ,  cross country running  ,  golf  ,  and boxing  .
an outburst of violence in ukraine may be trump’s first test with putin .
ariana grande - ariana grande denies cheating with nathan sykes .
american babies are 76 percent more likely to die in their first year than babies in other rich countries .
during the filming in chicago  ,  nolan decided to blow-up abandoned brach s candy factory ( which was gotham hospital in the movie )  .
maybe the person was a friend of alexander the great .  experts bring up the tomb .
until 1384  ,  arezzo was an independent city-state  ,  generally ghibelline in tendency  ,  thus opposing guelph florence  .
some men want to help a charity .
other parts of the mountains of the canton farther west are popular as well  ,  such as the more french speaking resorts near verbier and the evolene & arolla region  .
they would later perform at the 2006 summer sonic music festival  ,  which was hosted by metallica in japan  .
russian ambassador told moscow that kushner wanted secret communications channel with kremlin .
there are nerves inside the spine .  the accident also injures the nerves .
zeus then gave lamia the gift of being able to take her eyes out  ,  so that she could rest  .
trump administration imposes sanctions on 271 employees of syrian research center .
the festival ends on 27th of july
the mill was originally an open trestle mill  ,  the roundhouse being added at a later date  .
jenner has appeared as himself on many game shows and reality tv programs  .
dollar remains mostly higher in thin trade .
and because i will laugh on one of these stars ,  it will be for you as if all the stars are laughing .
houston zoo reopens ,  provides mental escape after hurricane harvey .
they have also recorded four tracks under the alias hell interface  .
the next day  ,  the river level rose above the 2008 flood peak level of 15 . 36 metres ( 50 . 4 ft )  .
there is a mass shooting at a school in florida ,  usa .
man found dead near des moines river .
now he wants a rest .
dennis rodman charged with hit-and-run after driving wrong way down freeway .
other fossils have shown how the koala has changed in response to australia s change from rainforest to dryer eucalypt forests  .
dr .  stork currently splits his time between nashville and los angeles  ,  where he hosts the syndicated television show `` the doctors   .
newcastle united football club is an english football club in newcastle upon tyne  .
hamilton county is a county in the u . s .  state of florida  .
the tomb of the unknowns at arlington national cemetery is also called the `` tomb of the unknown soldier   .
they could show people how much physics they knew .
he was picked by president bill clinton on january 27  ,  1998  ,  during clinton s second term  ,  and was confirmed by the united states senate on may 5  ,  1998  .
dismissed george washington resident with cancer sues school ,  alleging discrimination .
nato: still hopes for political solution in ukraine .
he stands near one basket .  the second basket is behind him .
we wanted to find 2 × 7  ,  but instead we calculated 0 . 2 × 7 = 1 . 4  .
the community aspect of bookcrossing . com has grown in ways that were not expected at the start  ,  in the form of blog or forum discussions  ,  mailing lists and yearly conventions all over the world  .
it is usually made from two or more types of material  ,  one hard and one soft  .
smith & wesson holding corporation announces final results of tender offer .
five dallas police officers were killed by a lone attacker ,  authorities say .
each writer has a rating and reviews from real clients .
the man is hard to see .  he wears darks clothing .
the prime minister steps down .  he also talks to the president of iceland .  he asks the president to end the parliament .
it often had gorilla-like sagittal crests on the cranium which anchored massive temporalis muscles for chewing  .
cotopaxi volcano is in ecuador .  this volcano is active .
trump: ‘i would like to de-nuke the world’ .
on wednesday ,  there was another scandal .  police arrested seven top fifa officials .
ali-ollie woodson ( september 12  ,  1951 - may 30  ,  2010 ) was an american r&b singer  ,  songwriter  ,  keyboardist and actor  .
facebook general counsel: online disinformation continued after election .
relativity media acquires stake in downtown records .
cocteau s movies  ,  most of which he both wrote and directed  ,  were particularly important in introducing the avant-garde into french cinema and influenced the upcoming french new wave genre  .
different viruses cause different things .
jilin fine arts  ,  along with the viz media shanghai branch  ,  has translated the manga into chinese  .
petersburg to renovate historic depot .
madrid is too warm now .  this is unusual for this part of the year .
researchers have a new way to film whales in antarctica .
the turnpike begins at the ohio border in lawrence county  ,  where it goes into that state as the ohio turnpike  .
several parts of the song sir patrick spens is about a mermaid speaking to doomed ships  ,  or telling them they will never see land again  .
utilities and governments along the east coast prepared for long-term power failures  .
spider-man first appeared in the early 1960s when teenagers in superhero comic books were usually relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist  .
these are tiny pieces of plastic from our garbage .
on february 23  ,  jyj released a 90-minute film titled the day  .
it is a long work  ,  similar to flaubert s madame bovary  ,  one of the books that helped to inspire it  .
the tragedy of hamlet  ,  prince of denmark is a play by william shakespeare  .
the park will cost $351 million .
horace parlan ,  jazz pianist who overcame disability ,  dies at 86 .
in adelaide ,  australia ,  a koala goes to a construction site .  he climbs up a drilling rig .
brokers gave loans to clients to play on nsel .
people can get infected if they inhale endospores or touch the milk  ,  urine  ,  feces  ,  vaginal mucus  ,  or semen of infected animals  .
this assimilation tissue is the main place photosynthesis takes place in the plant  .
b-29 bombers flew from the island to attack targets in the western pacific and on mainland japan  .
treatment for ringing in the ears .
jed anderson released from darwin hospital .
new lieutenant introduced; two deputies honored .
she won the silver medal ( second place ) at the 1999 united states national championships behind michelle kwan at age 13  .
there ,  it travels around 329 cities .
they talk for two days .  zuckerberg also says ‘sorry’ for the problems with privacy
schoep s is not well known around the united states as schoep s ice cream  ,  but as walgreens brand ice cream  .
she learned italian and became a translator of italian poetry  .
after two hours up there ,  the balloon starts to go down .
players still send out three pokémon  ,  but only one can battle at a time  .
woman reportedly stabbed outside front door .
it weakened to a tropical depression as it made landfall near lamar  ,  texas  ,  on august 16 and the nhc gave out its last advisory on the system soon after as it moved inland ; but the hpc then began taking the responsibility of making advisories as long as the system was still tropical and a flood threat  .
woman accused of 2nd degree murder pleads not guilty .
with his new owner  ,  the team start again to be competitive and the 1993 season is a success  ,  with a 5th place in the constructor rank ( the best results since 1986 )  .
frusciante released niandra lades & usually just a t-shirt in 1994 as a cure for there being `` no good music around any more   .
however  ,  this inherited disease of red blood cells gives a degree of protection against malaria  ,  which is or was common in the regions where the trait is common  .
it was the first british magazine to include a singles chart  .
pig destroyer stays on the grind .
wartburg college in iowa  ,  usa  ,  is named after the wartburg because martin luther received protection at the castle  ,  and because of the college s thuringian heritage  .
in 599  ,  an earthquake destroyed buildings in yamato province which is now known as nara prefecture  .
i am not part of khatron ke khiladi due to fracture: .
the final goal is the abolishment of nuclear  ,  coal  ,  and other non-renewable energy sources  .
several domestic flights cancelled due to bad weather .
senate condemns violations of jewish extremists in jerusalem .
donald trump ,  carly fiorina and the republican quest to know vladimir putin .
u . s .  military bans troops from traveling to paris on free time .
the republican party  ,  led by abraham lincoln  ,  won the 1860 presidential election  .
public health calls for government to invest in oral health .
children and adults get presents from santa claus ,  father christmas ,  or baby jesus .
brian cushing cleared to return .
she is looking forward to her new job .
scientists discover potential way to make graphene superconducting .
state department drops human rights as condition for fighter jet sale to bahrain .
baltacha may need transplant .
d . c .  council head blasts bowser for ‘obfuscation over shelters; she fires back with expletive .
grenville was the second son of richard grenville and hester temple  .
actors try to avoid tax .
it walks on smooth floors .  it walks up and down stairs
the first confirmed chelicerate fossils  ,  the eurypterids  ,  date from 445 million years ago in the late ordovician period  .
san pedro town  ,  which is on the island of ambergris caye  ,  is also in the belize district  .
a nucleotide is composed of a nucleobase ( nitrogenous base )  ,  a five-carbon sugar ( either ribose or 2-deoxyribose )  ,  and one phosphate group  .
u . s .  economic growth slowed in 2017’s fourth quarter ,  missing trump’s targets .
the ‘research’ study of mountaintop mining was just research of research .
it is an infectious disease that damages the lungs .
children of john crackston and his first wife : john crackston ( sr .  ) died in the winter of 1620  ,  wrote governor william bradford  .
kaepernick trade stalled over salary and ‘someone would have to budge’ .
roy reed ,  who covered civil rights for new york times ,  dies at 87 .
very surprised at finding a japanese submarine  ,  cargill called naval headquarters with his two way radio  .

hydra appears to be gray like charon and nix  ,  though pluto is reddish  .
cushelle adverts are voiced-over by robert webb  .
he taught at west point grey academy and sir winston churchill secondary school in vancouver  ,  british columbia  .
umbriel is a moon of uranus found on october 24  ,  1851 by william lassell  .
the rocket then goes back to earth .
he makes a monkey and a goat and also many horses .
rebel faction in colombia reaches peace deal ahead of pope francis’s visit .
so that’s why sarah huckabee sanders wants the cameras off .
they go on top of the hospital .  they come down .
he stayed there for five years becoming the first conductor of what is now the royal choral society  .
he shoots her near the heart .
joseph ole lenku wants parliament to amend law to empower police officers .
ballan s first primary school started on 8 january 1855  .
however  ,  boeing decided to keep making it  ,  but call it something else : the boeing 717  .
international rescue committee to host annual freedom awards .
the county was made in 1855 from cumberland county  .
since retiring  ,  he runs a professional wrestling school in calgary  ,  alberta called storm wrestling academy  .
d . c .  touchdown club honors local football players and coaches at annual awards dinner .
this has caused confusion between syllable and vowel length in latin  ,  and most western dictionaries still can not describe the nature of latin vowels properly because of this  .
miliband was born in brussels  ,  belgium to working class polish jewish immigrants  .
actress susan anspach says that her son  ,  caleb goddard ( born 1970 )  ,  was fathered by nicholson  .
this news is about a girl .  she is with her parents .
in japan ,  a coach is on the road .
donald trump does not have to buy this coin .
todays teens are less responsible than teenagers from the 70s ,  80s and 90s .
in the last six years  ,  slovakia has won three medals at the world championships  ,  including a gold medal in 2002  .
after three weeks of auditions  ,  moffat and wenger agreed that it had `` always been matt   .
his time at hertfordshire also saw the start of a professional relationship with james callaghan  .
navy: remains of some of the 10 sailors missing in the uss mccain collision near singapore have been found .
an inscription from his reign has been found as far south as kurgus  ,  which was south of the fourth cataract  .
get college papers for sale and resolve writing complicationsit’s really possible to purchase help ,  which improves the quality of your writing .
super mario sunshine did well at the shops  ,  having sold 5 . 5 million copies as of june 2006  .
they go down emergency slides .
how to secure an apartment when you have bad credit .
mel daniels ,  hall of fame basketball center ,  dies at 71 .
in the 19th century  ,  water closets started to be more common than chamber pots  ,  but chamber pots were still used until the mid-20th century  .
she moved to los angeles with then-boyfriend david cruz to film the series and remained a regular cast member until 1993 when she decided to pursue an acting career  .
however  ,  if oxide wins  ,  he will turn earth into a concrete parking lot and enslave the earthlings  .
in accordance with her mother s wishes  ,  campbell has never met her father  ,  who abandoned her mother when she was four months pregnant  ,  and who went unnamed on her birth certificate  .
the people fight with police .  in one protest ,  police hit the protesters with tear gas .  the protesters hide behind their makeshift shields .
.
she started her career in 1999 when played a small role in movie `` chinese service   .
old trucks and tractors auctioned off .
ireland beat afghanistan in final .
you control it with your mobile phone
a century later  ,  sugar plantation colonies were established by the dutch and english along the many rivers in the fertile guyana plains  .
cory booker on why he’s testifying against jeff sessions .
dracula says ,  fantastic .
mr orton said: it was just meant to be that wed have a team dog as part of our staff .
in addition to wins  ,  young holds the mlb records for most career innings pitched ( 7 , 355 )  ,  most career games started ( 815 )  ,  and most complete games ( 749 )  .
hippocrates is called the `` father of medicine   .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
the world is 0 .  28% more peaceful today than a year ago .
( 3 august 1770 - 7 june 1840 ) was king of prussia from 1797 to 1840  .
american airlines flight 77 was american airlines  transcontinental flight from washington dulles international airport  ,  in dulles  ,  virginia to los angeles international airport in los angeles  ,  california  .
since trampolining became an olympic sport in 2000  ,  many countries have started developing programs for producing very competitive athletes  .
china brings latest concern against japan to the un .
the grateful french king spread around the information about the food which had cured him  .
the movie is called the lost city of z .
‘i share the outrage’: d . c .  mayor asks for help in solving shooting death of 14-year-old .
stallone also starred in the erotic play called score which had 23 performances at the martinique theatre from october 28 - november 15  ,  1971  .
pinnipeds are carnivorous  .
brighter  ,  or more specific colors can be created using natural pigments instead of mixing  ,  and natural properties of pigments can interfere with the mixing  .
quinn announces ``emergency rules to stop petcoke pollution .
this is because  ,  according to reports from the time  ,  king john traveled from spalding in lincolnshire to bishop s lynn  ,  in norfolk in the year 1216  .
sometimes ,  the moon can look blue .
the baja california rattlesnake ( crotalus enyo )  ,  also known as the `` lower california rattlesnake   ,  is a species of venomous pit viper  .
this news is from california .  a pipeline breaks .
marcus johansson files for player-elected arbitration; dmitry orlov does not .
anna faris reveals the romantic way chris pratt proposed to her .
astronaut scott carpenter dies at 88 .
the first official land grant  ,  560 acres ( 2 . 3 km ² )  ,  was given to thomas icely on 26 may 1829  .
the first knockout mouse was created by mario r .  capecchi  ,  martin evans and oliver smithies in 1989  ,  for which they were awarded the nobel prize in physiology or medicine for 2007  .
choron became famous for his elephant dishes ( french : éléphant ) : trompe déléphant in sauce chasseur and éléphant bourguignon  .
she stops working to help him and be with him .
insurgents storm an election commission office in kabul .
they also tell people what the thief looks like .
the train is coming at them full speed .  when the train is near them ,  they jump from the bridge into a river .  the train almost hits them .
the successful people will start in 2017 .
we will defend our allies .
aaron pryor ,  crowd-pleasing 1980s boxing champion ,  dies at 60 .
they can help people feel better
when she was eight years old  ,  she started on television  ,  in the last episode of the soap opera pantanal  ,  in which her mother also worked  .
if you show her love ,  she gets aggressive .  she can even attack you .
as of december 12th ,  firefighters have 25% of the fire in control
trump ,  pence preside over east room ceremony to swear in senior staff .
in 2000  ,  shirov reached the final of the fide world chess championship  ,  losing to viswanathan anand  .
california home prices surge in march; .
palestine is under control by israel .  there are some teenagers in gaza city ,  palestine .
`` the substitute  is the seventh episode of the second season of the american television series glee  .
hillary clinton says bill won’t be picking out the white house china .  he should .  .
he is the younger son of lillian  ,  a jazz pianist  ,  and harry hoffman  ,  who worked as a prop supervisor\/set decorator at columbia pictures before becoming a furniture salesman  .
it was done in response to ottawa s clint benedict  ,  who would fall to the ice to stop the puck  ,  even though it was against the rules  .
the final shows of its 2005 world tour were in sydney  ,  australia  ,  and melbourne  ,  australia  ,  on december 14 and 17  .
they perform in the circus .
eastman was a maker of the s . e . m .  ensemble  .
a woman wants to paint something .  sadly ,  she has nothing to paint on .
rome man accused of having sexual contact with child .
for example  ,  he continued the practice of using the sultan s name at friday prayers in the newly captured territories  .
people plan this training for a year .
clark college to host writer jon raymond .
triple h and cena wrestled each other the next week on raw  ,  but orton s allies  ,  cody rhodes and ted dibiase  ,  interfered in the match  ,  attacking both cena and triple h .  because of that  ,  it was announced orton would defend the title against both triple h and cena in a triple threat match  .
they use one tonne of flour ,  750 kilograms of butter ,  200 kilograms of sugar ,  1 .
many want their own business .
a statement read: it is [upsetting] for a person who‚ for example‚ was .
bull fighting is still enjoyed during the feria season  ,  which is during the month of august  ,  and during the feria de la primavera  ,  which is in early may  .
as soon as they reached the shore  ,  the canadians found themselves unable to move forward  .
in the wake of charlottesville ,  a call to change the name of arlington’s washington-lee high .
frances team included the next world star - 19-year-old forward kylian mbappe .
matt wales accused the game of having a `` distinct lack of polish  .
the album then reached number two in the uk and number thirteen in france  .
thousands of people pay tribute to him
two white catholic school students expelled for racist texts are suing for $1 million .
a rare side effect of propofol is propofol infusion syndrome  .
when world war i broke out he joined the scots guards  ,  but later  ,  in 1917  ,  he did a lot of dangerous work in france where the fighting was taking place  .
the province of antwerp borders on the netherlands and the belgian provinces of limburg  ,  flemish brabant and east flanders  .
definition : a colloid is a substance microscopically dispersed evenly throughout another substance  .
the area remains rich and has attracted rich people who own second homes in the area or have chosen to retire to the cotswolds  .
pr .  william supervisors approve $3 . 2 billion budget .
‘promise you’ll never put me in a nursing home’ .
a nine-floor long-term parking garage is next to the arrivals terminal  .
there is not enough room in hospitals .
in this trick ,  the plane makes a circle in the air .
the team is seeking a new technical deal to assist in the construction of its 2011 chassis  .
a trailer for it has 13 million views on youtube .
whittaker collected plants around adelaide in south australia in 1839-40  .
fox searchlight pictures is currently negotiating the rights to create a biopic covering the early years of meyer s career  .
taiwan’s leader says call with trump didn’t reflect u . s .  policy change .
she wants her husband to be a good student .
yeghishe charents ( born yeghishe soghomonian  ,  armenian : եղիշե չարենց ) ( 13 march 1897  ,  kars - 29 november 1937  ,  yerevan ) was an armenian poet killed in stalin s purges  .
they also find bowls .
she won the clarence derwent award for this play and was nominated for a tony award  .
hubert mizell ,  well-known florida sportswriter ,  dies at 76 .
in what is today central mexico  ,  a herd of alamosaurus is roaming the plains in search of food  .
new video shows only known wild jaguar in united states .
the stanley cup winners were the tampa bay lightning  ,  who won the best of seven series 4-3 against the calgary flames  .
drew lewis ,  transportation secretary during air traffic controllers strike ,  dies at 84 .
he soon wrote his second opera : ruslan and lyudmila  .
jean-marc vacheron opened the first workshop in geneva  ,  switzerland in 1755  .
his success was based on fast footwork  ,  an ability to play many different shots  ,  and excellent placement of the ball  .
eric trump’s business trip to uruguay cost taxpayers $97 , 830 in hotel bills .
uber drivers don’t have to take london’s legendary driving test .
her first daytime role was that of `` natalie bannon hughes  on as the world turns from 1975 to 1978  .
catherine  ,  duchess of cambridge ( born catherine elizabeth middleton  ,  nicknamed `` kate   ,  9 january 1982 ) is the wife of prince william  ,  duke of cambridge  .
presentation of the award usually takes place in september  .
the doctor gives her a blank tardis-shaped diary  ,  and melody - now river - begins to study archaeology  .
it was set up in 1903 and is named for sir william denison  ,  the lieutenant governor of van diemen s land 1847-55 and governor of new south wales 1855-61  .
the washington post launches voraciously for novice cooks .
sen .  john mccain ,  battling brain cancer ,  will probably miss gop tax bill vote after returning to arizona for the holidays .
for college  ,  she first attended the university of rochester before graduating from syracuse university in 1940  .
its name was derived from the collective nickname of the university s athletic teams  ,  `` the gators   .
by studying on bank holidays strange insects and wild flowers  !
eu delegation arrives in cairo for talks .
its relative minor is c-sharp minor  .
the temple had been built in 150 bc to be a very noticeable part of the forum  ,  and it became pompeii s main temple after rome took over  .
the best margherita pizzas in the d . c .  area ,  ranked .
security features introduced in then recently released internet explorer 7 mitigated some of these vulnerabilities  .
spirit slips in seattle ,  leaving first place in nwsl up for grabs .
s .
ohio state’s cardale jones pays tribute to victims of paris attacks .
croatia scored with 20 minutes to go ,  but france held on to win .
it banned a photo of a naked ,  9-year-old girl running away from a napalm attack .
exasperated military judge halts uss cole bombing case .
trump may host visiting leaders at his n . j .  golf club during upcoming u . n .  gathering .
law enforcement agencies to crack down on texting while driving .
a very big rise in the price of rice caused very bad economic ( money ) problems  ,  especially in rural areas ( outside of cities ) where rice was the main food of daily life for people  .
student who set off lockdown has left school .
before his professional sports career  ,  he was an officer in the punjab state police  .
this is what makes it possible to bluff  .
he won the 1902 nobel peace prize  ,  which he shared with charles albert gobat  .
tennis ace andy murray hails performance of arsenal signing .
bloc party s first album  ,  silent alarm  ,  was released in the uk in february 2005 on wichita recordings  .
like many parts of alaska  ,  the matanuska-susitna valley was carved by glaciers which left many lakes  .
individual seeds are sometimes chewed  ,  in much the same way as chewing-gum  .
some of these changes are harmful to human health  ,  crops and ecosystems  .
in all  ,  there are a total of 169 towns in connecticut  .
she innocently tells mr .  monckton about her plans  .
the group won their first award  ,  rookie of the month  ,  at the cyworld digital music award on june 22  ,  2008  .
is donald trump actually praising vladimir putin ?  .
nobody’s insured against mistakes in life .
people said he was a genius  ,  a `` terrible socialist   ,  and a `` savage   .
another version of the legend stated that she stopped on the journey at ` stow  and hid under an ash tree which suddenly came from her staff after she planted it in the ground  .
the two species are : both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems  .
why a minn .  mom is suing her transgender teen and the clinic that gave her hormones .
armed gang robs security van in sardinia .
leon battista alberti described an anemometer for the first time around 1450  .
they are not alone .
biomes are characterized by similar climax vegetation  ,  regardless of the evolutionary lineage of the specific plants and animals  .
razor clam digging begins wednesday .
in 1892  ,  the college became the first four-year college in alabama where women are allowed to study  .
pfizer ,  allergan call off $160 billion merger after u . s .  moves to block inversions .
carbon engineering said: we can confidently say that .
george ledyard stebbins  ,  jr ( 6 january 1906 - 19 january 2000 ) was an american botanist and geneticist who was one of the leading evolutionary biologists of the 20th century  .
why india’s ban on self-driving cars is misguided .
mohammed khaled hossain ( bengali : মোহাম্মদ খালেদ হোসেন )  ,  also known as sajal khaled  ,  is a bangladeshi mountaineer and movie director  .
it was played on february 3  ,  2002 at the louisiana superdome in new orleans  ,  louisiana  .
the polish aviation museum ( polish : muzeum lotnictwa polskiego w krakowie ) is a big museum of old airplanes and airplane engines  .
keenum to start at quarterback for houston .
on june 24  ,  2007  ,  chris benoit committed suicide by hanging after murdering his wife and son  .
second  ,  he may leave a message explaining your block on your user talk page  .
all the sites were all individually included on the australian national heritage list before being put on on the world heritage list  .
one of the more controversial techniques is controlled burning : permitting or lighting small fires to cut the amount of flammable material for a potential wildfire  .
man pleads guilty to manslaughter .
a 7-year-old told her bus driver she couldn’t wake her parents .  police found them dead at home .  .
anti-tobacco thoughts existed in germany in the early 1900s  .
d . c .  to pay cost overruns for wizards facility .
it was translated from dutch and first printed in english in 1952 as the diary of a young girl  .
this data is from cameras .
this news is from nebraska ,  usa .  two tornadoes hit the state .
‘gimme danger’: iggy pop and the stooges ,  playing it straight .
its name is clash of kings .  you can play the game on ios and android devices .
the name flora was proposed by john herschel  ,  from flora  ,  the latin goddess of flowers and gardens  ,  wife of zephyrus ( the personnification of the west wind )  ,  mother of spring  ,  and whose greek equivalent is chloris ( who has her own asteroid  ,  410 chloris )  .
three d . c .  residents ,  including pregnant woman ,  have the zika virus .
he tells her to work on larger pieces .
new jaguars coach marrone retains 4 more ,  rounds out staff .
in may 1843  ,  wagner toured the lake sevan region of armenia  .
university level textbooks only discuss carbocations as if they are carbenium ions  ,  or discuss carbocations with a fleeting reference to the older phrase of carbonium ion or carbenium and carbonium ions  .
international identity-theft ring victimized hundreds ,  including hollywood actress ,  authorities say .
it covers the northern suburbs of perth  ,  including girrawheen  ,  greenwood  ,  kingsley  ,  landsdale  ,  woodvale and marangaroo  .
in 1849 he formed the bach society ( later to be reformed as the bach choir ) in london to produce and conduct the first english performance of bach s st matthew passion on 6 april 1854  .
thousands of people are injured .  around 70 , 000 people must leave .
he presented these ideas during the first meeting of the newly created international olympic committee ( ioc )  .
it breaks and the bear falls on the ground .
before she served as nurse in the world war i .  she studied in cologne and heidelberg history  ,  arts history and chinese  .
justice dept .  sides with baker who refused to make wedding cake for gay couple .
president ilham aliyev arrives in astara .
stephen strasburg will start sunday for the nationals .
justice dept .  says it still wants to force apple to unlock iphone in drug case .
it does not burn things to make energy .
wanted ms-13 gang member arrested in arlington ,  authorities say .
a mathematical definition is : a prime number  ,  denoted by p  ,  is a sophie germain prime if 2p +1 is also a prime number  .
today similar flare stars are classified as uv ceti type variable stars in variable star catalogs  .
frost s father was a teacher  ,  and later an editor of the san francisco evening bulletin ( later the san francisco examiner )  ,  and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector  .
the good news is there are seven times more than we thought .
capital weather gang forecast: what to expect this winter .
morgan stanley maintains on american axle & manufacturing .
he goes to a special prison for 14 years .
imf urges us policymakers to support reforms .
he does not have a name yet .
plane broke apart before crashing near gettysburg .
5 billion pounds .
in 1917  ,  freie sportclub union ( fscu ) ahlen was founded and became one of the region s best known teams  .
the leaves can be used fresh or dried  ,  and can be stored frozen  .
england take three wickets after lunch .
mike huckabee likens muslims to uncorked animals .
md .  nanny accused of fatally force-feeding crying baby to remain in jail without bond .
vine bans sexually explicit content .
in 1966  ,  mcgown held a public billiards exhibition at new york city s grand central terminal  .
in the early 1800s  ,  edward smith and his family settled on the site of today s county fairgrounds  .
at elimination chamber  ,  sheamus attacked world heavyweight champion daniel bryan after the latter retained his title in the elimination chamber match ; confirming he would face bryan at wrestlemania  .
under trump ,  these d . c .  laws might be targeted .
on june 16  ,  1977  ,  he was killed in a car accident near kewanee  ,  illinois  .
since then the mill has benefited from a grant and substantial work has been completed  .
it also stars peggy ann garner and onslow stevens  .
cnn commentator lewandowski remained on trump payroll in august .
trump declines to say whether he would sit for interview with mueller’s team .
niler wins tanzania top model crown .
washington monument to stay closed until 2019 .
people take the dog to a doctor .
carolyn van houten joins photojournalism staff .
it is also used to make oxygen gas in high school and college labs  .
another suicide bomber attacks in the provence of qatif .
obama heads for vacation .  .
the location of the telescope is the las campanas observatory  ,  which is also the site of the magellan telescopes  ,  some 115 km ( 71 mi ) northeast of la serena  ,  chile  .
he was elected president in 1840  ,  and took the oath of office on march 4  ,  1841  .
he stayed at the marijanišče boarding school and attended classical secondary school ( klasična gimnazija ) in ljubljana  .
north korea says it will send a 140-member orchestra to perform in south korea .
saif ali khan shows sparks of brilliance in every film: .
ball was nominated for an emmy award thirteen times  .
baltimore-washington parkway has reopened all lanes after three earlier crashes .
the zookeepers take care of him .  they keep him away from his mother .
you could not buy it .
marion county corrections officer slammed suspects head into concrete wall: .
this bear is 8 feet long (2 .  4 metres) .
maryland reportedly hires arkansas state’s anthony tucker as running backs coach .
with a budget of over 2 . 415 billion u . s .  dollars  ,  the dea employs over 10 , 800 people  ,  including over 5 , 500 special agents  .
actress joan fontaine dies .
it can be used in several ways : higher intelligence ( higher iq ) has also been found to be associated with better performance on insight problems  .
there are three basic types of biological control strategies ; conservation  ,  classical biological control  ,  and augmentation  .
they are n-pentane ( often called simply `` pentane  )  ,  isopentane ( methylbutane ) and neopentane ( dimethylpropane )  .
two charged with using drugs while pregnant .
if no reliable third-party sources can be found on an article topic  ,  wikipedia should not have an article about it  .
from 1992 to 2004 the band released three acoustic live unplugged albums which became an instant success  .
they transport the people to hospital
in the summer of 1633  ,  fuller fell ill with a sickness that had spread through plymouth  .
a more hawkish trump approach to china is coming soon .
another ballou high school official placed on adminstrative leave .
one leg is broken .  the rocket falls down and explodes
ted cruz was right: trump was no match for clinton at the debates .
in particular  ,  if infobox templates hide long columns of data inside collapsing tables  ,  which means readers using assistive technology may miss their presence entirely  .
columbia county schools to close early today .
lad  ,  a member of the net  .
albert einstein kept a photograph of faraday on his study wall alongside pictures of isaac newton and james clerk maxwell  .
the cyclone slowly intensified until september 5  ,  when it underwent rapid deepening and reached category 4 status on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale ; at the time ivan was the southernmost major hurricane on record  .
trump’s personal ,  racially tinged attacks on federal judge alarm legal experts .
china to use ‘all means necessary’ to defend itself against trump ‘protectionism’ .
first snl did it .  now jimmy fallon pokes fun at education secretary betsy devos .  .
during the early part of kalākaua s reign  ,  he dismissed many cabinets and appointed new ones  .
the experts try to find the best tattoos .
barack obama - barack obama will get tattoo with daughters .
montgomery county can afford to raise the minimum wage .
the people were videoed doing this .
the stadium is in the center of the city  ,  near to norwich railway station and the river wensum  .
limburg is located west of the meuse ( dutch maas ) river  ,  upon which it borders the similarly named province limburg of the netherlands  .
michelangelo wrote : `` i am only doing this for the love of god and to honor of the apostle  .
the director of the nobel institute is also the secretary to the norwegian nobel committee  .
alex ovechkin voted a captain for nhl all-star game .
all vipers have a pair of long hollow fangs which are used to inject venom from glands found in the back of the upper jaws  .
a special part of the rite was a sculpted mask  ,  put on the face of the dead person  .
after the death of his first wife adele  ,  geoffrey married secondly adelaise de châlon  .
for his actions in november 1944  ,  nishimoto was awarded the army s second-highest decoration  ,  the distinguished service cross ( dsc )  .
5 billion cups each year .
like the beatles  ,  they came from liverpool and were also managed by brian epstein  .
‘american idol’ winner’s nephew shot & killed in north carolina .
in the text ,  the south koreans write about north korea .
first treatment approved for breast cancer with brca genetic mutation .
in modern times  ,  the image is often made of polymer applied to a flexible aluminum plate  .
len chandler wrote and sang the theme song `` the chronicles of pop   .
after six days fighting  ,  2nd brigade s third battalion  ,  princess patricia s canadian light infantry  ,  joined the battle  .
a dystopia is the opposite of a utopia  ,  and can mean a utopia that has become corrupt  .
uconn baseball holding open walk-on tryouts .
why rapper killer mike endorsed bernie sanders .
they first formed about 480 million years ago during the ordovician and once reached heights similar to that of the alps and the rocky mountains  .
medical tuning fork 128 hz a radar gun  ,  used to measure the speed of cars or balls in sports  ,  is usually calibrated with tuning forks  .
he became a naturalized american citizen in 1956  .
rick  ,  as the new leader of the group  ,  decides the survivors need to find a better place to live  .
the teachers do not speak about the war .
this is a new tragedy in this region
prodigy ,  half of hardcore new york hip-hop duo mobb deep ,  dies at 42 .
voldemort s soul shard within harry was destroyed because harry willingly faced death  .
the house was built on the edge of one of weeks s sugarcane plantations  .
people think it is easy to change their life ,  but many habits are difficult to change .
melania trump ,  please work on the biggest bully of them all .
it doesn’t care .  it leaves later when it wants to
marjorie `` marge  simpson is a character in the animated television series the simpsons  .
its easy to understand why parents worry .
cooper barrett’s guide to surviving life doesn’t teach us anything new .
the daily mirror is a british newspaper  .
the top of the tower had a mirror that reflected sunlight during the day ; a fire was lit at night  .
he worked hard at school and got a ph .
redirects to disambiguation pages are not considered to be within the article namespace for purposes of this guideline  .
crime is rising .  the brazilian economy is not good .
louise `` lou  henry hoover ( march 29  ,  1874 - january 7  ,  1944 ) was the wife of herbert hoover  ,  the president of the united states  .
former d . c .  council member sharon ambrose dies .
late-night laughs: trump fires comey .
school employee accused of having sex with students .
megan rapinoe left off u . s .  soccer roster for international tournament in march .
how to determine depreciation of land and a house .
it is measured using the french ancient system of measurement  ,  in which 1 pouce ( 1 inch ) is equal to 2 . 707 cm  .
beethoven also wrote a triple concerto for piano  ,  violin  ,  cello and orchestra  .
the pandas are in quarantine .  visitors of the zoo cannot see them yet .
often they are appointed because they have special knowledge of a complex legal case civil matters are usually heard at first instance by a single deemster sitting in the high court  .
south africa was first at the olympic games in 1904  ,  and sent athletes toevery summer olympic games until 1960  .
suicide bombings ,  attacks in iraq kill 33 people .
mammals include the endangered rodent bramble cay melomys  ,  which lives only on bramble cay in the torres strait  .
the six-part series followed the book in great detail  .
two trains collide .  some people are injured .
it set out the rules for commercial and financial relations among the world s major industrial states  .
duke and duchess of cambridge to visit australia .
getty died in 1976 he left most of his property  ,  including nearly $ 660 million worth of stock in getty oil  ,  to the j .  paul getty museum trust  .
stephen farrelly ( irish : stíofán ó fearghaile ) ( born 28 january 1978 ) is an irish professional wrestler and actor  ,  best known by his ring name sheamus  ,  pronunciation : \/ ˈʃeɪməs \/  .
in some cases extra pool and \/ or open water training may be needed  .
more track was added in 1980 at both ends of the bloor-danforth line  .
d . c .  police officer is found guilty of assaulting cell phone store worker .
priyanka chopra supports crusade against cancer .
sen .  john hoeven says money spent on border security must yield results .
on 20 august 1119 the french king was met by the troops of king henry at the battle of brémule  .
it was founded in 1886 as a college for women  ,  and its first male students were admitted in its centenary year in 1986  .
her mother wanted her to leave school and marry  ,  but she did not  .
a university professor has an egg .  a bird emerges from the egg .
their chances are 1 to 292 million .
a special prominence was also attached to this council because the persecution of christians had just ended with the february 313 edict of milan by emperors constantine and licinius  .
people look after them ,  too .
in europe  ,  the french language is spoken not only in france but also by about 40 % of the population of belgium and about 20 % of the population of switzerland  .
introducing our 2017 ‘seasons of washington’ calendar .
he makes her quiet by throwing his wig over her face  ,  then he falls asleep  .
federal government shutdown led to closure of alcohol and tobacco tax and trade bureau .
the pantelegraph was invented by the italian physicist giovanni caselli he introduced the first commercial telefax service between paris and lyons in 1865  ,  some 11 years before the invention of telephones  .
women take the lead in educating voters .
records show a mill stood in keymer in 1755 and the mill was marked on a map dated 1783  ,  but not shown on one dated 1795  .
pranab mukherjee conferred the presidential awards for classical tamil .
harmonix s later rock band franchise  ,  which also earned in excess of $ 1 billion  ,  used multiple instrument controllers and cooperative multiplayer  ,  allowing players to play as a full band  .
will republicans be able to dismantle the consumer financial protection bureau ?  .
five-star hylton rb ricky slade commits to penn state .
rapper waka flocka flame wants to be house speaker .
at 2210 hrs the ira locked the prisoners in the so called ` c  magazine area which the raiders had completely emptied  .
the wavelength of any reflected or emitted photon or other particle is shortened in the direction of travel  .
mesosaurus is an extinct marine reptile from the early permian of southern africa and south america  .
in 1998  ,  the project was started by the german national library and the u . s .  library of congress  .
he tried many times between march 31 and april 6 to bomb naco but also accidentally  ,  bombed the arizona border town with the same name  .
the 2009-10 season is the nashville predators  eleventh season in the national hockey league  .
at the time of foundation in 1878 the order had only one class  ,  that of companion  .
cherubini produced some chamber music  ,  including several string quartets and a quintet for two violins  ,  viola and two cellos  .
a user vinod menon m .  p .  had taken the initial tasks for it  .
a group of men rob a jewellery shop .  they rob it at noon .
many states may only recognize another state if it will help them  .
after testing with williams  ,  mclaren  ,  brabham and toleman  ,  he got a place within the toleman team for the 1984 formula one season  .
the area around concord in the ygnacio and clayton valleys was a big farming area  .
there are currently 14 remaining overseas territories under uk sovereignty  .
three people shot in southwest washington .
johnny aitken holds the record for total wins at the track  ,  with 15 victories ( all on the oval )  ,  during the 1909  ,  1910 and 1916 seasons  .
he is at a press conference with the french president francois hollande .  putin says that turkey should investigate this
taekwondo can therefore be translated as `` way of the foot and of the fist   .
les misérables proved popular enough with the masses that the issues it highlighted were soon on the agenda of the french national assembly  .
he won the stanley cup twice in a playing career that lasted thirteen seasons ; in january 1907 with the kenora thistles and 1908 with the montreal wanderers  .
he plays for bristol rugby in the rfu championship  .
wwe saturday morning slam was a professional wrestling show made by the wwe  .
fixed mortgage rates retreat after a month of gradual increases .
sean o’callaghan ,  ira assassin turned informant ,  dies at 62 .
the opera was first performed on 11 february 1840 by the paris opéra-comique at the salle de la bourse  .
the observatory also has four movable auxiliary telescopes ( ats ) of 1 . 8 m aperture  .
it has a free ,  three-month trial .
it is important .  people want to use it many times .  it will study re-entry .
the national olympic committee for croatia is the croatian olympic committee  .
the forty-four delegates who met in huntsville wrote a constitution for the new state of alabama  .
wizards’ new practice center remains on schedule for september opening .
21-year-old man’s body found in tidal basin .
christina passariello joins financial as technology editor .
charles-philippe was born in 1757  ,  the youngest son of the dauphin louis ferdinand  ,  and his wife  ,  the dauphine marie josèphe  ,  at the palace of versailles  .
however  ,  pippi longstocking  ,  her most famous character  ,  was invented for her daughter karin  ,  who was  ,  at the time  ,  ill and had to stay in the bed  .
house republicans pledge to continue probing dossier ,  but without memos .
in 2007  ,  the band changed its name twice : first to `` the tensions mountain boys  and then `` punch brothers  .
the hotel ritz madrid in madrid  ,  opened in 1910  ,  inspired by king alfonso xiii s desire to build a luxury hotel to rival the ritz in paris  .
the guinness book of world records ranks christie as the best-selling novelist ever  .
the district was made on october 1  ,  1922  ,  when the newly created state of thuringia was divided into 15 rural districts ( german : landkreise ) and 9 district free cities ( german : stadtkreise )  .
it is 1 , 082 feet (330 metres) long .
in south florida ,  clinton tries to seal a lead in the biggest battleground .
oracle acquires responsys for $1 . 5 billion .
the two parts of a formal designation are it looks like this : ( number ) name  ,  for example ( 90377 ) sedna or ( 55636 ) 2002 tx300  .
the criminal fires ,  but the gun jams .  the owner keeps fighting .
willard mitt romney ( born march 12  ,  1947 )  ,  usually called mitt romney  ,  is an american businessman  ,  who was the 70th governor of massachusetts  ,  from 2003 to 2007  .
in november 1833  ,  labor movements began in derby which led to the formation of the grand national trades union in february 1834  .
fatal shooting in mcdowell county investigated as a homicide .
it was written by stefan kendal gordy  ,  goonrock  ,  erin beck  ,  george m .  robertson and kenneth oliver  .
in wake of paris attacks ,  obama vows to continue push to close guantanamo .
the eurasian lynx ( lynx lynx ) is a medium-sized cat native to europe ( including finland  ,  sweden  ,  norway ) and asia  .
prior to joining wwe  ,  farrelly was also a two-time international heavyweight champion during his tenure in irish whip wrestling  .
a panda gives birth to three baby pandas .  this is very rare .
the first uss colorado was a 3 , 400 long tons ( 3 , 500 t ) - class  ,  three-masted steam screw frigate  .
greek parliament passes bill on sunday shopping .
its like the silk in a spiders web .
self-defense ,  personal disputes behind recent spate of homicides in pr .  george’s ,  police said .
a strong india is good for world cricket: .
you cannot see the other side from the earth .  this other side is called the dark side of the moon .
regardless  ,  in all classifications the three constituent groups are the same  ,  just treated at different rank  .
reasons why underdogs succeed in workplaces .
it falls down .
rumors are swirling about garth brooks and his next tour .
virginia serial killer charles severance sentenced to life in prison .
the use of antibiotics in farming could be dangerous to peoples health .
it is also used to make cadmium sulfide  ,  a pigment  .
ups does this to help people .  ups does this to learn more about drones .
the students were protesting an egyptian ministry of culture publisher printing and selling copies of the 1983 novel a banquet for seaweed by the syrian writer haidar haidar  .
the front of the medal has a seven-pointed commonwealth star  ,  for the six australian states  ,  with the seventh point for australia s territories  .
jean-pierre is the jury president for the cinéfoundation and short films sections of the 2012 cannes film festival  .
the olympians triumph in it  ,  each on his side  ,  over giants most of which are transformed into savage beasts : serpents  ,  birds of prey  ,  lions or bulls  .
yespay and pmc announce strategic partnership .
descriptions were last updated in may 2003 to enhance uniformity pdf  .
anita pallenberg ,  alluring muse who brought ‘evil glamour’ to rolling stones ,  dies .
these trees were planted in washington  ,  d . c .   ,  and another 3 , 800 gifted trees were also taken there in 1956  .
in 1997 she had great success in germany with caroline link s jenseits der stille  .
coetzee to meet with ref berry .
oncogenes in tumor cells are often mutated or expressed at high levels  .
its like any job .  you must learn how to do it .
it includes the northern suburbs of epping  ,  lalor  ,  bundoora  ,  mill park and plenty  .
the distinction is similar to that proposed by august weismann  ,  who distinguished between germ plasm ( gametes or their stem cells ) and somatic cells ( the body )  .
tiger woods to return to competitive golf next month at hero world challenge .
capital one bank on north central avenue in valley stream robbed by man with demand note .
cawl served as a single course is today the most popular way to serve the dish  .
tim cook is the boss of apple .  he says that the software is like cancer .
that is about 80 per cent of all the rhinos in the world .
used as a condiment  ,  a plate of raw thai basil leaves is often served with phở ( vietnamese-style noodle soup ) so each customer can season it to taste with the anise-flavored leaves  .
the line is named after alfred russel wallace  ,  who noticed this clear dividing line during his travels through the east indies in the 19th century  .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
it covers places ,  including a school .
skyteam was founded or established in 2000 by five airlines  ,  aeroméxico  ,  air france  ,  delta air lines  ,  and korean air  .
the cows get sick .  there are always flies around the them .
jonathan david `` jon  emminger is an american professional wrestler better known by the ring names johnny prime and lucky cannon  .
a fundamental classification of biomes is into : biomes are often given local names  .
france and russia are angry .  they fight the islamic state together .
steal this job: tea specialist at the park hyatt washington .
in the end ,  they catch the dog .  police are looking for the chihuahua’s owner
there are three sets of country codes : iso 3166-1 is not the only standard for country codes  .
according to the united states census bureau  ,  the city has a total area of 0 . 6 square miles ( 1 . 6 km2 )  .
france investigates this .  the country has 19 nuclear power stations .  most of its electricity comes from them .
trapped in a house with islamic state fighters .
before the 21st century  ,  the evolutionary history of the flying squirrel was often debated  .
the circus had its official premiere 1902 in meißen  .
it is named after charles throsby ( 1777-1828 )  ,  a pioneer and explorer in the areas south of sydney  .
a pamphlet is a small book without a hard cover or binding )  .
virginia governor’s race gets off to an early start with gillespie fundraiser .
the invasion fleet was made upfrom eight navies made up of warships and submarines  ,  split into the western naval task force ( rear-admiral alan g kirk ) and the eastern naval task force ( rear-admiral sir philip vian )  .
however  ,  his parents said that he had to study law instead of music  ,  and they sent him to leipzig  .
the head office in the u . s .  is in houston  ,  texas  .
global press release newswire announces 72 hour sale: .
meet the orwells ,  trying to make it big in a music industry turned upside-down .
thornton talked with wilder  ,  who told thornton to think about a career as a screenwriter  .
murphy became the first person working for another country to ever bomb the mainland united states  .
president trump escalates feud with london mayor after terrorist attack .
draymond green suspended for game 5 after lebron james incident .
she added that preventing cedric diggory s body from falling into voldemort s hands is based on the classic scene in the iliad where achilles finds the body of his best friend patroclus from the hands of hector  .
you can see it in the western australia museum
there are often earthquakes in turkey
some people want mikel out -- .
ethics training reminds white house staff not to use encrypted messages for government business .
haemophilia b happens in about 1 in every 20 , 000-34  , 000 male births  .
moscow’s skyline is also on this watch .
former metro inspector general says she was kept under ‘very tight’ watch .
nba 2k10 is a basketball video game developed by visual concepts and published by 2k sports  .
this news is from a zoo in california .
sahara chief subrata roy arrested in lucknow .
treats was to have ended its tour in the west end  ,  at the garrick theatre  ,  starting on 28 february 2007 with previews from on 20 february  .
before the 1951 season  ,  omalley offered robinson the job of manager of the montreal royals starting at the end of robinson s playing career  .
fans of both teams are near rome’s olympic stadium .  the fans do not like each other .
rich people can change and become nicer .
in 1975 lavey made arguments within the church of satan by stopping the church s `` grotto  system and removing people he thought were using the church instead of doing things in the outside world  .
it takes 50 hours to design the tree .
rupee ends weaker at 61 . 44 .
acc to work alongside new crown agent .
lionel messi will start el clasico on the bench .
a new version of google glass shows up in fcc filings .
dhs report casts doubt on need for trump travel ban .
accidents kill 36 people in week: .
farrelly was born in cabra  ,  dublin and was raised within the city  .
according to the international shark attack file  ,  there have been only 10 unprovoked attacks by lemon sharks  ,  all occurring in florida and the caribbean  .
.
naval aviators and naval flight officers at nas oceana fly about 219 , 000 training operations each year  .
on 11 august an italian brigade commanded by de simone attacked the hill defended by the 3rd battalion 15th punjab regiment and captured it with heavy casualties  .
anna mae hays ,  nurse who became u . s .  military’s first female general ,  dies at 97 .
elon musk is the boss of this company .
south koreans are starting to like cheese ,  too .
can donald trump save this moderate congresswoman with his first primary endorsement ?  .
after that season  ,  the rules for awarding the calder were amended so that players could only be eligible if they were 26 years old or younger by september 15 of their rookie season  .
there are 2 , 226 tigers in 47 indian tiger reserves .
a meerkat ( suricata suricatta ) is a small mammal that lives in the kalahari desert in southern africa  .
allometry was first outlined by otto snell in 1892  ,  darcy thompson in 1917  ,  and julian huxley in 1932  .
it is not a real animal .  it is only a machine .
velikiy island  ,  close to the shore  ,  is the largest island in the kandalaksha gulf  .
besides the saint lawrence river itself  ,  some of the tributaries of the gulf of saint lawrence include the miramichi river  ,  the natashquan river  ,  the restigouche river  ,  the margaree river  ,  and the humber river  .
the association with lophuromys is thought to be due to convergent evolution due to a similar diet ( dieterlen  ,  1976 )  .
it was released as a single from astley s multi-million selling debut album  ,  whenever you need somebody  ,  which was written and produced by stock aitken waterman  .
on 12 september 2010  ,  muse won an mtv video music award for best special effects  .
instead of challenging randy orton for the title at wrestlemania  ,  he wanted to challenge him at no way out  ,  the next pay-per-view  .
in the hamburg elections of 24 february 2008  ,  the cdu gained 42 . 6 percent of the vote  .
the boy is really fast – it is not easy to count his skips .
the words to the song were written in 1895 by a poet and nationalist banjo paterson  .
for example  ,  many different things can be the color red  .
forget trump and clinton .  ‘black jeopardy’ is snl’s best political sketch this year .  .
the group plans to make its own passports and driving licenses  .
hong kong confirms first human case of h7n9 bird flu -- report .
cedar county democrats to meet .
to my daughter: you are going to be okay .
the herald sun shares many articles with other news corporation daily newspapers  ,  especially those from australia  .
she is best known for playing the role of elena gilbert and katherine pierce on the dramatic television series  ,  the vampire diaries  .
karnataka government to set up natural calamities relief fund siddaramaiah .
youree dell harris ,  who played jamaican psychic ‘miss cleo’ in tv ads ,  dies at 53 .
freshman tyrrell pigrome lifts maryland past central fla .  in 2 ots .
she is a writer .  in 2020 ,  there will be a twenty-pound note .
besides guns ,  there is a whole list of gop extreme positions that need to go .
neill joins for remainder of the season .
as the distance gets shorter  ,  approaches 90 °  ,  whereas with increasing distance approaches 0 °  .
when the electrons come with half the period  ,  they interfere destructively  .
a closet rod sagging under the weight of clothes on clothes hangers is an example of a beam experiencing bending  .
red sox pick mike shawaryn in fifth round of mlb draft .
my new hand tells the story of britains first hand transplant .
seething with hatred  ,  sharikov threatens to fire her  .
john abraham named face of national geographic channel .
autopsy results pending on body found in ohio river .
from the 1540s meg was retired from active service and was fired only on ceremonial occasions from edinburgh castle  ,  from where shot could be found up to two miles away  .
rasputin s friendship with the imperial children can be seen in some of the messages he sent to them  .
in december 1853 a speech hovell made at geelong led to an argument between the men  .
hundreds of these people go through big cities .
‘i was fighting with temptation/ but i didn’t want to win’ .
need to write an essay an hour or afraid not to meet the deadline ?  don’t worry .
he also defended lotharingia twice against attacks by conrad  ,  king of the germans  .
the karachi circular railway  ,  which opened in the early 1940s  ,  is the only functioning metro in pakistan as of date  .
they are from japan .  they are on holiday in taiwan .
darlene cates ,  actress from ‘what’s eating gilbert grape , ’ dies at 69 .
the boats there are not good .  also ,  the boats are often overcrowded
the circuit is located on île notre-dame  ,  a man-made island in the st .  lawrence river  .
he also wanted to stay to protect the german music from the nazis  .
they say that he is no hero .  some of these people are students .
mukherjee to present presidential awards for classical tamil .
the batmobile is batman’s car .  it made its debut in the 1930’s .
three arrested after fight .
west virginia avenue in ne d . c .  reopens .
his fastest lap was 1 . 3 seconds faster than sebastian vettel s qualifying lap the saturday before  .
‘crisis in six scenes , ’ woody allen’s weak but passable attempt to do a tv series .
trump officials might be expecting e . u .  to fall apart this year ,  u . s .  envoy says .
the baseball hall of fame is a museum in cooperstown  ,  new york that shows the history of baseball and some of the most famous baseball players and other people  ,  especially in north america  .
national symphony orchestra names rising star gianandrea noseda as music director .
the mozilla foundation is a non-profit organization that was created to support and give leadership for the open source mozilla project  .
ben zobrist to meet with nationals on tuesday .
her mother is in a big shock when she sees her daughter for the first time .
the mayor of neuss accused her of having a deal with the devil  .
the first is a dictionary in a single book  ,  called svenska akademiens ordlista ( saol )  .
the injured giraffe dies .
joinville is also the third largest industrial center in southern brazil  .
three days before his death  ,  verwoerd held talks with the prime minister of the lesotho  ,  one of the native tribes in south africa  ,  chief leabua jonathan  ,  at the union buildings in pretoria  .
leaked documents reveal financial habits of queen elizabeth and trump officials .
there are also many stories involving the attempted exorcism of incubi or succubi who have taken refuge in the bodies of men or women  .
two d . c .  council members propose radical revisions to paid family leave bill .
geneva is located at 46 ° 12  north  ,  6 ° 09  east  ,  at the south-western end of lake geneva  ,  where the lake meets the rhône river  .
from 1994  ,  most parts of the country were redivided into new provinces  .
they grow to a length of 6 cm  ,  weigh up to 2 g  ,  and can live for up to six years  .
financial stocks lead markets higher .
in 43 bc  ,  after octavian received his consulship from the senate  ,  one of his first actions was to have the people that had assassinated julius caesar declared murderers and enemies of the state  .
rankin s accompanists have from time to time included pianists alan broadbent  ,  mike wofford and trombonist bill watrous  ,  and on such occasions the mood slips easily into a jazz groove  .
his editorials for the paper were often political  ,  and dismissed most political parties as wrong in one way or another  .
people said that they that thought that he could do it .
they also have 19 grandchildren and 28 great-grandchildren  .
more often  ,  pieces in a minor mode that have a ♭ as the tonic are written in the enharmonic key  ,  g-sharp minor  ,  because it has a simpler key signature  .
dubai passenger jet crashes in russia ,  killing 62 .
she received a bachelor of arts in 1988 and a master of arts with certificate in political campaigning in 1990  ,  both in political science  ,  from the university of florida  ,  in gainesville  .
oriole park at camden yards is considered by many to be the most beautiful baseball park in major league baseball  .
in his will  ,  he left a little money to his family and to the collège  .
in all six  ,  towns do things that in most states counties do  .
man fatally shot in montgomery identified .
he earned respect for his memorable reporting on the munich massacre at the 1972 summer olympics  .
they had eleven children : queen marie never managed to acquire any political influence  .
most of the modern-day population growth is based on internal migration and urbanization  .
arsene wenger welcomes the idea of feeder clubs .
61  ,  which has a short passage of about 6 bars actually written in a-sharp major  ,  putting in the necessary double-sharps as accidentals  .
the 15th army group had 1 , 334 , 000 men with eighth army having 632 , 980 men and fifth army 266 , 883  .
into this period also the falls the beginning of coal mining  .
later he attended harvard summer school and gained an master of arts from livingstone college and a doctorate degree from wilberforce university  .
these were counted as losses in the standings  ,  though the games were not played  .
that is  ,  at some point in time  ,  an atom of such a nuclide will spontaneously change into a different nuclide by radioactive decay  .
in a landmark 1995 civil rights case  ,  madrid v .  gomez  ,  henderson found the use of force and level of medical care at the pelican bay state prison unconstitutional  .
,  3 september 1034-15 june 1073 ) was the 71st emperor of japan  ,  according to the traditional order of succession  .
the side of the cloister with the chapter house was usually the first to be constructed ; it would have been started shortly after the church s frame was put up  .
fleischer was born and raised in washington  ,  d . c .  on august 27  ,  1950  .
the bretton woods system was the first monetary order that organized monetary relations among independent nation-states  .
growth story is work-in-progress ,  still a long way to go: .
byzantium was rebuilt by septimius severus  ,  when he had become emperor  ,  and quickly regained its earlier prosperity  .
macbeth is then shown the ghost of banco and his descendants  ,  eight future kings of scotland  .
if the essay is a bit pricey ,  customers can also choose to pay for the project in installments ,  rather than all at once .
the latest: pittsburgh to open hydrants to flush system .
in australia ,  the granny discovers skydiving .  she wants to do it .
editor of russia’s biggest opposition newspaper says he will arm his staff to protect them from attacks .
terrance knighton meets with redskins ,  but leaves without a deal .
everybody laughs
the 1968 album nuff said has some live recordings from the westbury music fair  ,  april 7  ,  1968  ,  three days after the murder of martin luther king  ,  jr .   .
his first solo performance as twain was at lock haven state teachers college in pennsylvania in 1954  .
5 metres long ,  1 .
basseterre ( \/ bæsˈtɛər \/ )  ,  is the capital city of the federation of saint christopher and nevis  ,  also called st kitts and nevis  ,  in the west indies  .
havel resigned as president on 20 july after the slovaks issued their declaration of independence  .
the years 1842 and 1843 there was an economic recession and williamstown s population went down  .
nine more women say judge subjected them to inappropriate behavior ,  including four who say he touched or kissed them .
filtronic plans to broaden product range .
in storyline  ,  wwf was owned by vince mcmahon  ,  wcw was owned by shane mcmahon  ,  and ecw was owned by stephanie mcmahon  .
pedestrian ,  26 ,  struck and killed while walking along maryland roadway .
turbulence on jetblue flight from puerto rico to orlando sends 8 people to the hospital .
this was the beginning of the history of western australia as a british colony  ,  and later as a state of federal australia  .
at half time ,  the score is 0-0 .  people are angry .
abraham poincheval is an artist .  he is french .
kevin anderson advances in claro open colombia .
if you finish the training ,  you become a ranger .  nineteen women and 381 men begin the training .  only 94 men and two women finish the training .
they help him breathe .
since his move to orkney  ,  davies has often used orcadian ( the adjective of `` orkney  ) or more generally scottish themes in his music  ,  and has sometimes set the words of orcadian writer george mackay brown  .
the knights  house on the western side of the drawbridge is from the 15th century  .
a billion people used facebook in one day .  it is the first time this happened .
russell was an editorial writer for social democratic magazine the new leader  .
mucha volunteered to produce a lithographed poster within two weeks  ,  and on 1 january 1895  ,  the advertisement for the play gismonda by victorien sardou appeared on the streets of the city  .
they are widely used in knockout experiments  ,  especially those genetic questions which relate to human physiology  .
it can put the leg under its body .  flamingos do this normally
snow from siberia mixes with dust .  the dust comes from the sahara desert in africa .
people cut down trees to make them go away .
off-duty federal agents help subdue armed metro passenger .
jordan and israel agree to take steps to help quell violence .
in nod to conservative base ,  gillespie urges ‘eradicating’ gangs and sanctuary cities .
the term chambered nautilus is also used for any species of the nautilidae  .
at birth  ,  she was given the honorary style mademoiselle de chartres  .
hickes spelt his name with an `` e   ,  cook wrote both hicks and hickes in different places  .
joe lockhart leaving nfl as chief spokesman .
one theater that’s achieving parity for women playwrights .
fandango interrupts the miz: .
it can make the air difficult to breathe .  recently ,  there are smoke and ash coming out of this volcano .  the country alerts people .
he wants to attack a canadian .  the canadian fights back .
mylan launches breast cancer drug in india .
pierre boulez ,  conductor of bracing clarity ,  dies at 90 .
ms-13 members abducted ,  threatened witness in case ,  court document says .
david cameron stung by jellyfish .
after this  ,  he was rematched with singtong por tor  ,  whom he had previously beaten in a 12-round decision  .
it is dedicated to our lady the virgin of the candle  .
biscop s monastery was the first monastery built of stone in northumbria  .
it is not a mental illness  ,  or caused by psychological problems  .
two sisters got kicked off a plane .  so their ailing father died without them ,  they say .  .
who went home on masterchef 2013 season 4 last night ?  .
at this time  ,  he began giving public lectures often on the changes that had been made at the fbi since september 11  .
sprinter tyson gay tests positive for banned substance .
he served in both the house and senate  ,  representing pennsylvania  ,  as well as the minister to russia  ,  under andrew jackson  ,  before stepping taking the presidential career  .
these persisted into his solo career  ,  but michael had already established a relationship with anselmo feleppa  ,  whom he had met at the 1991 concert `` rock in rio   .
sarah huckabee sanders to reporter: how dare you challenge one of our generals ?  .
through his father  ,  francisco was second cousin to hernán cortés  ,  the famed conquistador of mexico  .
another source of rare earths is electronic waste and other wastes that have a large amount of rare earth components  .
the scientists looked at 50 , 000 eggs from 1 , 400 different bird species .
as a result  ,  bir tawil is one of the few land areas of the world which is not claimed by any state  .
the designer was giorgio vasari and the buildings were continued by alfonso parigi and bernardo buontalenti and finished in 1581  .
un chemical weapons inspectors return to syria .
some legions may have been reinforced with units making the force near 15 , 000-16  , 000 or about the size of a modern division  .
school canceled in sandpoint and bonners ferry due to cold .
the tna television championship is a professional wrestling championship in total nonstop action wrestling  .
at the same time  ,  other japanese prisoners killed themselves  ,  or were killed by their countrymen  ,  inside the camp  .
voices .
the suborder contains four families and fourteen species  .
he looked at it carefully ,  then he said ,  no .
three chicago officers may have violated policy in fatal shooting ,  police chief says .
drafted into the army  ,  he served as a communication lineman in vietnam with the rank of specialist-5  ,  and was awarded the bronze star  .
new spectrographs use electronic detectors  ,  such as ccds which can be used for both visible and uv light  .
the yonge-university line was extended north 8 . 7 km from eglinton avenue to finch avenue and yonge in 1973 and 1974  .
on 29 september 2011  ,  kartel was arrested  .
the find followed the 1924 discovery of the juvenile australopithecus africanus skull  ,  ` taung child   ,  by raymond dart  ,  at taung in the north west province of south africa  ,  where excavations still continue  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
after controversy  ,  she competed only on the men s side  .
the rhabdodontidae includes the type genus rhabdodon  ,  zalmoxes  ,  and possibly mochlodon and muttaburrasaurus  .
also ,  a heavy beam is on the sofa ,  but people saved the boy
with the abolition of the poor law system in 1930 the parishes had only a nominal existence  .
before 1987  ,  a limited edition henry moore sculpture came with the prize money  .
when the voters approved it 53 . 49 % -46 . 51 %  ,  he said that the vote `` reflect ( s ) a genuine shift in people s attitudes  .
smithsonian should set standard on public signs ,  not fight oversight .
fatal case of h5n1 bird flu reported in canada .
some of the people who worked in the bunker were from the no .  2 volunteer air observer corps ( voac )  ,  the women s auxiliary australian air force and a few members of the royal australian air force and the united states army air forces  .
it helps her work better .
in the 1980s  ,  he won the bafta award for best actor in a supporting role in three consecutive years  .
people once said male chicks came from rounder eggs ,  but that was wrong .
the caldera is composed of overlapping shield volcanoes  ,  cut by at least four partially overlapping calderas  ,  of which the oldest southern caldera was formed about 180 , 000 years ago  .
both plans aimed at on attacks against the american forces  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
profitable part of turkmen state budget hit 112 . 7 percent .
why donald trump’s demagoguery is winning over gop voters ,  in one chart .
he also played for the harlem wizards  .
french soldiers killed in central african republic .
at the age of 14  ,  she was part of the chorus on roger waters s opera ça ira  .
its video says: women are ugly to see ,  at times… .
on the january 2007 fide rating list  ,  korchnoi was ranked number 85 in the world at age 75  ,  by far the oldest player ever to be ranked in the fide top 100  .
nation’s most prestigious school science competition has new sponsor: regeneron .
shell used ltft in an integrated gas-to-liquid ( gtl ) plant in bintulu  ,  malaysia  .
after that  ,  she changed her record company and decided to work with warner music ( taiwan )  .
in addition to the goddess latona are her young children  ,  apollo and diana  .
390 bc was a year of the pre-julian roman calendar  .
transition ‘is going so smoothly , ’ trump tweets .
forty-five people die .
people do not do anything .
2 rescued after falling from cliff .
hispania finally had both car finish the race at the malaysian grand prix with chandhok finishing in front of senna  .
democratic rivals say yes to another town hall .
they are self-tying .  you just put the shoes on .
koirala assumes office .
an iranian ship refused to heed the navy’s warning .  then shots were fired .  .
it sends the information to his brain .  the man can see now .
former village head shot dead brother injured .
jordan’s king delivers pointed remarks to pence on jerusalem .
the woman gets on a plane .
erwin helfer ( born january 21  ,  1936 in chicago  ,  illinois ) is an american boogie-woogie  ,  blues and jazz pianist  .
furby babies are smaller than the original  ,  have higher voices  ,  and can not dance  ,  but switch to speaking english more quickly  .
the shop is in a 100-year-old house .
japans farmers hope it will stop wild animals eating their crops .
belmont energetically supported the union cause during the civil war as a war democrat  ,  helping missouri congressman francis p .  blair raise and equip the union army s first mainly german-american regiment  .
at economic summit ,  obama seeks to shore up u . s .  focus on asia-pacific region .
but the kohl government was hurt at the polls by slower growth in the east in the previous two years  ,  which meant the gap between east and west widened as the west got richer and the east did not  .
traditionally ,  ballet shoes are pink .  traditionally ,  ballet shoes are pink .
high point cruises to 6th straight win ,  beats longwood 92-68 .
she has since won two césar awards for her performances  .
in 1964  ,  eai began development of a computer-controlled mass spectrometer under the direction of robert e .  finnigan  .
the courts and judicial posts for the county were finally abolished in 1873  .
donald john trump  ,  sr .  ( born june 14  ,  1946 ) is an american businessman  .
montgomery county isn’t hiding the past by moving a confederate soldier statue .
it starts every year at the beginning of the eighth month .
the woolly mammoth ( mammuthus primigenius )  ,  is a species of mammoth  .
federal judge blocks n .  dakota’s voter-id law ,  calling it unfair to native americans .
strauß visited communist albania on 21 august 1984  ,  while enver hoxha  ,  the absolute dictator from the end of world war ii until his death in 1985  ,  was still alive  .
austen s works are noted for their realism  ,  biting social commentary  ,  and clever use of free indirect speech  .
however ,  he is not well .
gonzález challenged the undertaker at wrestlemania ix but lost by disqualification when he knocked undertaker unconscious by using chloroform  .
freight trains collide head-on ,  explode into flames in texas panhandle .
he is then struck with the hammer again in order to ensure that he is dead  .
the 2011-12 chicago blackhawks season was the team s 86th season in the national hockey league ( nhl )  .
this ` gestalt  or ` whole form  approach sought to understand perception - seemingly innate mental laws which determined the way in which objects are perceived  .
in the treaty  ,  both sides committed themselves to nonviolence and accepted the existing border - the oder-neisse line  .
rams’ stedman bailey is already walking ,  a month after being shot twice in the head .
metro transit police charge 17-year-old in december red line attack .
asg wins outsourcing deal at clough .
the day after her benghazi testimony ,  clinton criticizes another gop-led ‘witch hunt’ .
by the late 1970 s  ,  mbt s were manufactured by france  ,  west germany  ,  britain  ,  india  ,  japan  ,  the ussr  ,  sweden  ,  switzerland  ,  and the united states  .
the third match was between john `` bradshaw  layfield and chris benoit for wwe united states championship  .
some fans continue to call it the ` ora stand  - in reference to the original sponsors of it  .
although tabitha was planning to take a job in public relations and napoleon was planning to attend medical school  ,  they both decided when they graduated college to pursue a career in the dance industry  .
such schemes are known also as asynchronous stream ciphers or ciphertext autokey ( ctak )  .
iraqi authorities urged to investigate allegations of mosul prisoner abuse .
a person who inherits the sickle cell gene from one parent  ,  and a normal hemoglobin gene ( hgba ) from the other  ,  has a normal life expectancy  .
pamphlets are also very important in marketing as they are cheap to produce and can be distributed easily to customers  .
starting january 1  ,  1913  ,  all publications in german language were systematically collected ( including books from austria and switzerland )  .
bernie sanders hits road to lead charge against senate health-care bill .
the national park was founded in 1980 to protect the komodo dragon  .
he also wrote about how our universe will end .  this will happen after the stars run out of energy .
he joined the new south wales police force as a mounted trooper  .
it said: it seems like disagreeing with the department of justice means you must be evil and anti-american .
it drives over six cars .
chipotle sues frank ocean: .
eagles of death metal join u2 onstage for triumphant return after paris attacks .
however  ,  tropical storm ana formed on april 20  ,  long before the official start of the season  .
triple h won the match after pinning van dam following a pedigree  .
he married maria antonia of spain ( 1729-1785 )  ,  youngest daughter of philip v of spain and elisabeth farnese  ,  on 31 may 1750 at oulx and later had twelve children  .
he told the pilot .  he made an emergency landing in kenya .
a lifeboat crew sees something on the cliffs .
madonnas daughter lourdes looking hot and hungry on the beach .
volapük conventions took place in 1884  ,  1887  ,  and 1889  .
in addition to english  ,  shelbys also know some furbish words and also have their own language called `` shelbish  .
servsafe classes to be offered .
transition metal complexes should initially satisfy the eighteen electron rule  ,  have no net charge  ,  and their ligands should be two-electron donors ( lewis bases )  .
in 1856  ,  manet opened his own studio  .
last of the summer wine is a british sitcom that has run longer than any other comedy show in the world  .
in his will  ,  gianni versace left 50 percent of his fashion empire to his niece allegra versace  ,  daughter of donatella  .
former rugby international kyran bracken visits king williams college .
synapsids evolved a fenestra ( hole ) behind each eye orbit on the lower part of the skull  .
she sold one railway and controlled the other one with the help of her brother  .
southeast asian stocks rise on friday .
major and minor keys that share the same key signature are called relative ; so c major is the relative major of a minor  ,  and c minor is the relative minor of e ♭ major  .
two men charged with human trafficking of teenage girls in laurel ,  md .  .
this happens in england .  a boy is in the sea .
someone films a shocking moment in the netherlands .
author john gilstrap explains what makes a book a thriller .
they live in asia .  luckily ,  two malayan tiger cubs are born .  they are born at prague zoo .
the net went all the way across the harbor from green point  ,  watson s bay to georges head on the other side  .
the children are sitting near a window .
road closed after crash .
john e .  reinhardt ,  first career diplomat to lead usia ,  dies at 95 .
he advisers included his son  ,  oskar  ,  his old army aide general wilhelm groener  ,  and general kurt von schleicher  .
people light up the tree .
the police arrest more than 100 people
he was replaced by de valera  ,  when collins helped him escape from lincoln prison in april 1919  .
china construction bank profit growth slows .
a sinkhole opens at a campsite .
after passing about 65 km ( 45 mi ) east of okinawa  ,  it sped up and was then moving at 75 km\/h ( 46 mph )  .
currently he is playing in the czech extraliga for hc české budějovice  .
found from assam in india  ,  through northern burma to tibet  ,  china ( hupeh  ,  szechwan and yunnan ) and vietnam  .
they want to know how they fly .
the first official immediate death toll was 2 , 259  .
morning links: medical marijuana activists call for resignation of dea administrator .
in 1996  ,  hasbro copyrighted the instructions to a handheld game called bop it  .
see also : list of retired pacific typhoon names ( jma ) and list of retired philippine typhoon names during their 2012 annual session the escap\/wmo typhoon committee said that the name washi would be retired from its naming lists  .
it looks forward to meeting all the talented men and women .
new haven is the second largest city in connecticut  ,  after bridgeport  ,  with a population of 129 , 779 at the 2010 united states census  .
police ,  fbi search for missing endangered prince william teenagers .
donald trump plans to immediately deport 2 million to 3 million undocumented immigrants .
in the season s beginning  ,  the protagonist aang and his friends katara and sokka started a search to find an earthbending teacher  ,  which finishes when they recruit toph  .
knopfler is a respected finger-style guitarist and was ranked # 27 on rolling stone magazine s list of `` the 100 greatest guitarists of all time  .
11 is the eleventh studio album by the canadian rock artist bryan adams  .
many times  ,  finlay either physically shoved little bastard back under the ring or was forced to tackle him before he could hit the person he was wrestling  .
peco employees volunteer at central park .
he says that the statue is cardboard .  it will be down before winter
while it was thought that cindy did not originally reach hurricane strength  ,  but post-season reanalysis confirmed the upgrade  .
uc riverside school of medicine opens its doors .
how to repair a tilting brick retaining wall .
nocturnal moths on the other hand are usually plain brown  ,  gray  ,  white or black and often with obscuring patterns of zigzags or swirls which help camouflage them as they rest during the day  .
helen delich bentley ,  journalist-turned-politician who promoted baltimore port ,  dies at 92 .
ayatollah controls business empire worth $95 billion .
arthur `` big boy  crudup ( august 24  ,  1905 - march 28  ,  1974 ) was a delta blues singer and guitarist  .
since these lust and attraction stages are both described as temporary  ,  a third stage might describe long-term love  .
during the paris air show of 2005  ,  the university announces a partnership with office national détudes et de recherches aérospatiales in the fields of air traffic management  ,  air safety  ,  satellite navigation  ,  sustainable development and air transport economy  .
although it has not been found in modern times  ,  he set up a stele when he crossed the euphrates river  .
it was then shipped to the mozambique port of beira and transported on the newly built railway to the victoria falls  .
deane hinton ,  career ambassador and u . s .  envoy to five nations ,  dies at 94 .
in the late 1960s  ,  a civil rights campaign started in northern ireland  ,  to get equal treatments for roman catholics adams was an active supporter and joined the northern ireland civil rights association in 1967  .
at the time of the quake  ,  reactor 4 had been de-fueled while 5 and 6 were in cold shutdown for planned maintenance  .
beshear: trump is ‘eroding our democracy’ .
it lives .
vandi has sold one million records in greece  .
iraqi forces prepare to break into mosul in battle against islamic state .
jim harbaugh wears cal ripken and ray lewis jerseys at baltimore satellite camp .
dst is putting clocks backwards an hour in the spring .
paul walker was an actor .
this means they eat too much .
the peninsula is about 330 kilometers ( 210 mi ) long and 145 km ( 90 mi ) -225 km ( 140 mi ) wide  .
it now seems that the disruption of long distance trade cut easy supplies of tin  ,  making bronze impossible to make  .
it told people not to do the same as george .
the small chapel in altenbrunslar is a protected building  .
whatcheeria possesses a mixture of basal and derived ( advanced ) traits  .
the washington post hosts screening and discussion of hulu’s ‘the looming tower’ .
there were also ginkgos  ,  bennettitaleans  ,  ephedra  ,  horsetails  ,  ferns  ,  and mosses  .
on 6 october 1898  ,  kate was reported missing  .
hurricane irma slams into caribbean islands .
the bridge collapses .  it kills fifteen people .
special forces  ,  or special operations forces are military units used to trained to perform unconventional ( not ordinary )  ,  difficult  ,  often high-risk missions  .
his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith  ,  but he was so good at drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486  .
in 1745  ,  during the war of the austrian succession  ,  the french made a fortress on the same ground and also ruined part of the city wall  .
with his unique and dynamic style of singing black music  ,  like jazz and blues  ,  he was later credited with single-handedly introducing african-american music to white audiences  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
bulgarian athletes have won a total of 218 medals  ,  with wrestling and weightlifting the most  .
the blackberry shrub is called `` bramble  in britain  ,  but in the western u . s .  `` caneberry  is the term is used for both blackberries and raspberries  .
flitcroft calls for patience .
ibm to acquire private software firm silverpop .
the z3 was built with 2000 relays  ,  implementing a 22 bit word length that operated at a clock frequency of about 5-10 hz  .
in any case  ,  wikipedia is a work in progress  ,  and many articles contain errors  ,  bias  ,  duplication  ,  or simply need tender loving care  .
it is very new .  you must wait to buy it
three of their biggest hits were `` we will rock you   ,  `` we are the champions  and `` bohemian rhapsody   .
why louisiana is refusing to hand over voter registration data to trump’s election probe .
among his friends in munich was eugenio pacelli who later became pope pius xii  .
there are more cats than people there .  people call the island cats island .
however  ,  because of its financial crisis caused by euro disney project  ,  the idea was passed on to the oriental land company  ,  which licenses disney characters and themes from the walt disney company  .
in 1924 the new york dealer erhard weyhe bought the contents of maurer s studio and represented the artist for the remainder of his career  .
nevada rancher cliven bundy ordered held .
it is 36 years old .  it receives heritage status .
it is 50 miles ( 80 km ) wide in the north and 150 miles ( 240 km ) wide in the south  .
i needed to repair my engine .
the playstation 2 was discontinued in 2013  ,  which ended the sixth generation  .
it is called the pure cool link .
there can be a tsunami ,  too
poor sleep during pregnancy can disrupt immune processes and lead to lower birth weights .
he is on a state visit .
george w .  bush and wife arrive for trump inauguration .
when purchased  ,  it is usually cut with scissors or knife and priced by weight  .
rip prince: the sports world reacts to entertainer’s death .
is a cd\/dvd by my chemical romance it was recorded live in mexico  .
it is the least dense metal and the least dense element in a solid or liquid state  .
regardless of the assignment type ,  admission essay ,  literature reviews ,  term paper ,  you’ll master this skill too .
rob van dam defeated john cena to win the wwe championship  ,  moving the title to the ecw brand  ,  a wwe brand established from purchased assets of the extreme championship wrestling promotion  .
all languages use pitch semantically  ,  that is  ,  as intonation  ,  for instance for emphasis  ,  to convey surprise or irony  ,  or to pose a question  .
it was also the first newspaper in russia printed in a turkic language  .
vacant house catches fire in oaklawn .
somebody sees the trophies .  people find around 20 trophies in the lake
director of the central intelligence agency ( d\/cia ) serves as the head of the central intelligence agency  ,  which is part of the united states intelligence community  .
due to his non-violent nature  ,  he also shows ethical reluctance refusing to killing firelord ozai  ,  and eventually strips ozai of his bending instead of killing him  .
after this event  ,  an award or declaration is presented by the municipal charter  .
cesar chavez movie opens in theaters nationwide .
former pr .  george’s executive asks for corruption conviction to be set aside .
jojo moyes’s new novel ,  ‘the horse dancer , ’ has a dickensian spirit .
the robots ski down a gentle slope .
black man beaten by white supremacists in charlottesville turns himself in to police .
phytosaurs are an extinct group of large semi-aquatic upper triassic archosaurs  .
de poincy then quickly made basseterre capital of the entire french west indies colony  ,  which included the islands of guadeloupe and martinique  .
‘nice running into you too , ’ says redskins cheerleader flattened by kirk cousins .
maryland’s perry hills returns from injury ,  starts at qb vs .  michigan state .
nolan attended the university of oregon in college and was a three-year letterman in football and starter at safety in college football  .
you’ll learn how to make the correct citations .
sharpe grew up poor and is the brother of former wide receiver sterling sharpe  .
to most bishops  ,  the teachings of arius were heretical and a danger to the salvation of souls  .
saint marys college announces plans to renovate mckeon pavilion .
after he was discharged from the military  ,  he attended the university of nevada  ,  las vegas ( unlv ) where he majored in molecular biology  .
at the time  ,  it was known as the year of the consulship of vinicius and varus  .
it was built in the 19th century .
d . c .  man charged in slaying in temple hills ,  md .  .
an art critic talks about the mural .  the mural shows that it is still difficult to be a black person on the streets
they have a look around .  they climb trees .
the wait was worth it for warriors owner joe lacob .
maryland police officer wounded ,  gunman killed during gun battle .
the original rock may be sedimentary rock  ,  igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock  .
don blankenship asked trump to oppose legislation for harsher punishment for coal mine supervisors .
the english restart program will give you special know-how to learn english faster and more effectively .
for years  ,  the czechs kept control over how the czechoslovakian national team was run  ,  and limited how many slovak players were on the team  .
hints from heloise: which maid gets the tip ?  .
better in interest of democracy to talk less of aam aadmi party: .
the william m .  jennings trophy was created as a replacement and is given to the goaltender ( s ) playing for the team with the fewest goals scored against them  .
iwami ginzan silver mine was in between amago clan territory and masuda clan territory  ,  so there were many battles between these lords for the large amount of silver  .
only his head is outside of it .
zombies are only in horror movies ,  but students predicted that zombies could kill us in 100 days .
the buildings were printed .
alex sink opens campaign office in clearwater .
he worked on road construction in the early 1920s  ,  and wrote what his earliest song  ,  `` illinois blues   ,  about his experience as a worker  .
they were also seen by antonio pigafetta  ,  who went with ferdinand magellan on his circumnavigation of the world in 1519-1522  .
bsc young boys ( official berner sport club young boys ) is a swiss football football club of the swiss capital  ,  berne  .
golding joined the royal navy in 1940  .
a sideplot of order of the phoenix involves harry s romance with cho chang  ,  but the relationship quickly unravels  .
robb wrote csupó `` such a beautiful  ,  heartwarming letter  that showed she loved the book and character  .
other types like alnico 5 and alnico 8 are anisotropic ( properties change when direction changes ) have a preferred direction ( one direction would be better than other directions ) for magnetisation  .
methods include camouflage  ,  nocturnality ( night-time activity )  ,  subterranean lifestyle  ,  transparency  ,  and mimicry  .
the bundesfinanzhof or federal finance court is one of the federal supreme courts of germany  .
three days later ,  the line gets worse .
it is also probably berg s best known and most often performed piece  .
they watch a documentary film about the genocide
can gotnews . com be stopped from distributing the center for medical progress abortion-related videos ?  .
the australian house of representatives is elected from 150 single-member areas called divisions  .
around the world .  a student said: it shows us that we can get through any obstacles .
600 families to have thanksgiving meal thanks to volunteers .
in the document ,  north korea promises to get rid of nuclear weapons
a man is walking his dog .  he is near paris .
major floods occurred in 1920  ,  1926  ,  and in 1990 at newrea  ,  where the river reached 6 . 77 metres ( 22 . 2 ft )  .
father peter heinrich brincker ( 1836-1904 )  ,  another missionary  ,  translated several religious works and songs into herero  .
described by italian philosopher giorgio agamben in his book homo sacer ; ` sovereign power and bare life  as a person who is living a ` naked life  and is an outcast of society  .
new hartford ,  new york mills schools delayed .
this means that its content can not be reused on wikipedia-even under the same article title-unless attribution is otherwise provided ( or the page undeleted )  .
travis andrews joins morning mix .
furthermore  ,  people known as benders have the ability to manipulate the eponymous element of their nation using the physical motions of martial arts  .
though perhaps a simple error made in translation  ,  many lectures in textbooks of modern-day psychology quote gestalt theory by saying `` the whole is greater than the sum of its parts   .
fischer later told the chess player zita rajcsanyi that nemenyi sometimes came to his brooklyn apartment and took him to places  .
she is the daughter of u2 s lead singer bono and irish activist ali hewson  .
no faxing payday loans california .
virginia tech suspends adonis alexander ,  houshun gaines indefinitely .
in 1995  ,  the celebrate 100 years of the cinema  ,  the french government issued a series of limited edition coins  .
ike leggett proposes $11 . 5 million for bus rapid transit in montgomery county .
this is a fun game .  you shoot ,  but nobody dies .
the country says that this makes problems with radio signals .
why the eagles would be foolish to fire chip kelly .
five arrested on prostitution related charges .
the grooming is done to gain the child s trust  ,  and the trust of those responsible for the child  .
he was later re-elected  ,  but died of a heart attack  .
your guide to riding the blue line during safetracks 12th surge .
it is a lot higher than the area around it ,  it has a special geology ,  its shape is easy to see ,  and it is thicker than the ocean floor .
if you need help in writing code in different programming languages ,  you can place an order and ask: do my homework to hire an expert who will help you achieve excellence for the right price .
he hits a truck .
as of 2012  ,  athletes from great britain have won 780 medals at the summer olympic games  .
the couple’s time is one minute .
it is worth emphasizing that those distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are ; yet we can never interact with them  ,  even in principle  .
during the king s absence in ireland the high steward and sir james douglas managed government affairs and spent time defending the scottish borders  .
russian pilot killed after jet is downed by syrian rebels .
jefferson airplane formed in san francisco during the summer of 1965  ,  and signed a recording contract with rca records in november of that year  .
cpu caches are generally managed entirely by hardware  ,  other caches are managed by a different kinds of software  .
since 2003  ,  mcallister has been the leader of the cdu parliamentary party group in the parliament of lower saxony  ,  of which he has been a member since 1998  .
kim kardashian is ‘so elated’ for pregnant sister khloe kardashian .
only one species of dormouse normally lives in the british isles  ,  so in british english `` dormouse  usually means the hazel dormouse  ,  not the family of dormice  .
procter & gamble  ,  the show s first and only sponsor  ,  bought the show from stivers in 1982  .
bernard redmont ,  award-winning foreign correspondent ,  dies at 98 .
like ulleung-do  ,  the islets are volcanic rocks  ,  with only a thin layer of soil and moss  .
he wrote and sang a song in peter jackson s the lord of the rings : the return of the king  .
many babies were born in brazil with microcephaly .
former michigan state star mateen cleaves charged with sexual assault .
sacramento is the capital of the u . s .  state of california  .
the very top of the tree has developing leaves that are soft and supple  .
two people die in the accident .  seventy people are injured .
the harp was played by sheila bromberg  ,  the first female musician to appear on a beatles record  .
md .  high court upholds montgomery effort to limit police bargaining rights .
senior federal rail official resigns over questions about ‘outside work , ’ transportation department says .
the garda síochána act 2005 provided for the establishment of a garda reserve  ,  consisting of 4 , 000  ,  to assist the force in performing its functions  ,  and supplement the work of members of the garda síochána  .
mycle schneider ( born 1959 in cologne ) is a german energy consultant  ,  and lead author of the world nuclear industry status reports  .
victoria falls are the largest in the world .  people also call them mosi-oa-tunya or the smoke that thunders
her parents separated when marina was sixteen and she moved to greece to live with her father but returned to wales two years later  .
like other biological macromolecules ( polysaccharides and nucleic acids )  ,  proteins take part in virtually every process in cells : proteins do different things depending on their shape  .
he thought that stronger countries can not bring a socialist revolution to other places  .
a pea  ,  although treated as a vegetable in cooking  ,  is botanically a fruit ; the term is most commonly used to describe the small spherical seeds or the pods of the legume pisum sativum  .
he also appeared in american gangster as stevie lucas  .
the team  ,  near financial collapse  ,  was purchased by australian businessman paul stoddart in early 2001  .
he looks for a cheaper way .  he takes a plane to berlin .  from there ,  he flies back to england .
they write to people .  they then ask for money .
the nail is moving in his heart .  he can feel it .
he leaves it near a shrine .
parks employee found not guilty of murder in stabbing at wedding reception .
vice-president joe biden is .
he has been criticized for his failures to facilitate negotiation in the berlin blockade  ,  as well as his failure to bring about a more swift end to the korean war  .
medical costs for retirees still rising .
the fraudsters infect online adverts to find your ip number .
at first  ,  many mathematicians did not accept this form of proof  ,  but it has become more widely accepted in recent years  .
hello students ,  we have a new mobile application for you .
the introduction of romana s second incarnation in destiny of the daleks  ,  a script credited to terry nation  ,  but with several changes by script editor douglas adams  ,  treats the concept of regeneration humorously  .
the division is named after william charles wentworth ( 1790-1872 )  ,  an australian explorer and politician  .
the m postcode area  ,  also known as the manchester postcode area  ,  is a group of lots of postal districts in greater manchester  ,  england  .
paradise island is an island in the bahamas  .
some firefighters have a little problems ,  but everybody else is fine
two window cleaners from tokyo know about this .  they dress up as a monkey and as a rooster .
ezra michael koenig ( born april 8  ,  1984 ) is an american singer and songwriter  .
however ,  people that dress as krampus are actually friendly .
gallery : the people of guernsey built a statue in candie gardens ( st .  peter port ) to commemorate his stay in the islands  .
he holds it in his mouth
many of the neighborhoods in malden take their name and identity from the square they are centered around  .
many students may be confident in using english in everyday situations but the written language presents a major challenge during their study abroad .
the serpa solar power plant uses 52 , 000 photovoltaic modules manufactured by sunpower  ,  sanyo  ,  and sharp  .
coast guard orders unsafe ship to stay in baltimore ,  stranding its crew .
on 25 february 1941  ,  the communist party of the netherlands called for a general strike  ,  the ` february strike   .
valentin and his friends use the cross-shaped hilts of their swords to drive off what they now know is an infernal power ( chorus : de lenfer )  .
there are many activities such as putonghua day  ,  tongue-twisters  ,  putonghua class  ,  singing contest  ,  putonghua broadcast and putonghua corner  .
will republican senators pass the gop health-care bill ?  here’s what they’re saying so far .  .
allen started writing scripts for the ed sullivan show  ,  the tonight show and other television shows when he was 19  .
some people are against whaling .  japan says that it is its tradition
the jma then started to monitor the system as a tropical depression later that day  ,  before the jtwc designated it as tropical depression 04w early on may 20  .
with eyes on north korea ,  u . s .  successfully destroys mock icbm over pacific .
`` hypest hype  featuring tempa t was confirmed in october 2010 to be the third single from the album and was released as a free download from their website on 8 november 2010 ; meaning it did not qualify to chart  .
bodine did not race in the busch series again until 1990  ,  when he drove in eight races for diamond ridge motorsports in the # 42 and # 81 ames pontiac  .
james harden claims no issues between himself and dwight howard .
in each generation  ,  the fitness of every individual in the population is evaluated  ,  and multiple individuals are stochastically selected from the current population ( based on their fitness )  ,  and modified ( recombined and possibly randomly mutated ) to form a new population  .
first elected at the 1951 general election as a fianna fáil td for county clare  ,  he remained in dáil éireann until 1973  .
written in the hieratic script  ,  this egyptian manuscript is 33 cm tall is made up of multiple parts  .
employers step up hiring: .
the heavy snow continued all day  ,  and it reached new york city in the evening  .
microsoft builds portal for indian developers .
amid global anti-establishment anger ,  italy may be next in line for upheaval .
boris abramovich berezovsky ( 23 january 1946 - 23 march 2013 ) was a russian-british business man  ,  billionaire  ,  and former mathematician  .
in 1743-1745 hogarth painted the six pictures of marriage à-la-mode ( national gallery  ,  london )  ,  a pointed skewering of upper class 18th century society  .
mens wearhouse declares cash dividend of $0 . 18 per share .
the first body was found floating over the sunshine skyway bridge when a sailboat on its way home to tampa after a trip to key west  ,  had just crossed under the sunshine skyway when many people on board saw an object in the water  .
not everyone wants urban sports ,  like skateboarding ,  3-on-3 basketball ,  and bmx freestyle .
tj brodie signs with the calgary flames .
the name is a misspelling of oldupai gorge  ,  which was adopted as the official name in 2005  .
she also fights in a sword duel with brutus  ,  caesar s former right hand and one of leaders of rome  ,  eventually killing him  .
he combines these two hobbies .  he puts his wine at the bottom of the sea .  his wine matures there .
douglas edward „ eddie  alexander gustafsson mcintosh ( born 31 january 1977 in philadelphia  ,  pennsylvania ) is a football player  .
the complex includes a number of outbuildings  ,  including two separate doctor s office buildings  ,  a garage  ,  barn  ,  a house for smoking  ,  and the pendleton family cemetery  .
people do not do anything .
brazil’s coalition government may break apart in 30 days .
although it could be argued that the game comes from spain ( exactly as a derivation from parchís ) due to the similarity between both games  ,  there is wide agreement in colombia that the game is completely colombian  .
many different items can help the player during battle ( armor  ,  chi  ,  enchanted accessories  ,  and healing potions )  .
thirty-seven people go to hospital .  some people are missing .
there is a memorial to simpson near the summit which has become a shrine to fans of cycling  ,  who often leave small tokens of remembrance there  .
binalong features in a number of his poems  ,  for example  ,  pardon  ,  the son of reprieve  .
the war of words between donald trump and north korea is getting worse .
one black man wants to change this .  he talks about this on the internet .
josh dawsey joins the washington post as a white house reporter .
richard linklater talks about this novel in his movie waking life  ,  which begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel  ,  time out of joint  .
they finish it on time .
born gareth david lloyd in bettws  ,  newport  .
the queen wrote that louise `` danced the sword dance with more verve and accuracy than any of her sisters   .
sir walter menzies `` ming  campbell ( born 22 may 1941 in glasgow  ,  scotland ) is a british politician and retired sprinter  .
they send her away .
an urs ( program of religious festivities ) is held here every year on 25 march  ,  in the memory of syed pir hashim darya hamdani  .
there is an explosion in a café .
he maintains an office of 10 staff members in madison  ,  connecticut  .
the mother was flying home with her eight-month-old son .
opposition parties in the capital city have been misleading people: .
the majority  ,  muwallad ( plural form : muwalladīn )  ,  were born in indonesia and may be of mixed heritage  .

while caucasians who were not of hispanic descent made up roughly 75 . 1 % of all persons in 2000  ,  87 . 93 % of all households in the top 5 % were headed by a person who identified as being white alone  .
joseph martin `` joschka  fischer ( born 12 april 1948 ) was german foreign minister and vice chancellor in the government of gerhard schröder from 1998 to 2005  .
she is known for playing hermione granger in the harry potter movie series alongside daniel radcliffe and rupert grint  .
the song `` the bare necessities  was nominated for best song at the 40th academy awards  .
on 6 november 2002  ,  she was convicted of grand theft and vandalism ; she was cleared of burglary  .
their names are peach and pearl .
pedestrian struck ,  killed on highway 10 .
america’s affordable-housing stock dropped by 60 percent from 2010 to 2016 .
in 2008  ,  she acted in one of the disney channel original movies minutemen as `` stephanie jameson   ,  which aired on disney channel in january 2008  .
the formation and evolution of the solar system began 4 . 6 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud  .
people are working on a new car .  it will be the new land rover defender
at this stage grub can also pass control of the boot process to another loader  ,  using chain loading  ,  for operating systems such as windows that do not support the multiboot standard  .
it occurs in western thailand and southeast burma  .
napalm was used in flamethrowers and bombs by the u . s .  and allied forces  ,  to increase the usefulness of flammable liquids  .
the report recommendations include : greater data collection of air and water data  ,  `` rigorous  air pollution standards and mandatory disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process  .
the virus can be found mostly in late summer and autumn  .
dohrn did not want to turn herself in to the police  .
bulls chase people in the streets .  people from spain are not alone at this festival .
the medal covered the ardennes sector where the battle took place and units further south in the alsace sector  .
the area is not safe .
gackt camui ( 神威 楽斗 kamui gakuto ) is a japanese musician  ,  songwriter and actor  .
a slur is a slur: change the washington football team’s name .
prince william county police investigating saturday night shooting death .
attacks on journalists soar in mexico: .
the festival is not new .  however ,  there are still no rules .
georgian chronicles have said that he is the son of rev  ,  son of mirian iii  ,  the first christian king of iberia  .
after the battle of verneuil in 1424  ,  the english occupied maine  .
on the first occasion  ,  the court held that the bill referred - offences against the state ( amendment ) bill  ,  1940 - was constitutional  .
help comes ,  but the man does not want help .
croatia levelled 10 minutes later with a shot from ivan perisic .
kanotix uses kde as the default desktop environment  .
townhouse fire in silver spring displaces family and pets .
like uranus  ,  the source of this heating is unknown  ,  but the differences are larger : neptune is the farthest planet from the sun  ,  yet its internal energy is strong enough to create the fastest winds seen in the solar system  .
it tries to eliminate subjective  ,  unrecognized biases carried by an experiment s subjects and conductors  .
everything goes fine .  she is going to be ok
the site contains a number of special features and shows different landforms  ,  including the natural arch at durdle door  ,  the cove and limestone folding at lulworth cove and an island  ,  the isle of portland  .
the 1910-11 nha season was the second season of the former national hockey association  .
deep creek lake threatened by 8 , 500 gallons of sewage .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts  .
his papal resignation was the last until pope benedict xvi resigned in february 2013  .
the newspaper was started by william kerr  ,  a journalist who had worked with the sydney gazette before moving to melbourne in 1839 to work on john pascoe fawkner s port phillip patriot  .
james cronin ,  nobel laureate who overturned long-accepted beliefs about the fundamental symmetry of laws of physics  ,  dies at 84 .
it was held with the two hands in a fixed position in the same way a katana sword is held  .
they must live on the tops of their houses .
placodonts were mostly between 1 to 2 metres ( 3 to 7 ft ) in length  ,  up to a maximum 3 metres ( 10 ft ) long  .
in 1700  ,  the italians were the most technologically advanced in silk throwing in europe  ,  and they had developed two machines capable of winding the silk onto bobbins while putting a twist in the thread  .
we already know what donald trump does when he loses: he acts like it never happened .  .
in june 2005  ,  the stadium hosted england s opening game in the uefa women s championship  .
and ecw announced a talent sharing agreement that made it where talent from either brand s roster can compete on both brands  .
the situation gets intense .  they start fighting
a man in america was fined $120 million for making 96 million robocalls .
middleburg man charged with murder in ex-girlfriend’s death .
he made his eldest son  ,  peada  ,  king of the middle angles in 653  .
the girl says ,  really ?  what is the girl’s name ?
in 2012  ,  the iau redefined it to be simply 149597870700 m .  in the iers numerical standards  ,  the speed of light in a vacuum is defined as c0 = 299792458 m\/s  ,  in accordance with the si units  .
iran ships uranium to russia ,  fulfilling a key provision of nuclear deal .
mexicos president said the usa was a friend and partner .
fluxbox can show some eye candy such as : colors  ,  gradients  ,  borders  ,  and several other basic appearance settings can be changed  .
nicole kidman goes topless .
u . s .  attorney for the district to serve on advisory panel .
what teens wish their parents knew about social media .
people launch it in 2016 .  it finds mosques and centres to pray .
during the 12 day nursing period  ,  the mother does not eat  .
his opponents called him evil .
around 3 , 700 people die .
achel combine a strength and a color ( of the beer itself-blond or brown )  .
most of the earth s surface has gabbro in the oceanic crust  ,  produced by basalt magmatism at mid-ocean ridges  .
when asked what he thought was the most important thing he did as secretary of state  ,  seward said `` the purchase of alaska-but it will take the people a generation to find it out   .
in 1811 he moved to st .  mary parish  ,  louisiana  ,  and later to wilkinson county  ,  mississippi  .
cyclonic storm fanoos started on december 6  .
he worked at the design engineering networks communications section at kennedy space center  .
one story says steve worked as a jockey around beechworth and wangaratta  ,  and won ` the benalla handicap  after a protest was upheld  .
you can still get a ps4 before christmas .
police chase a man .  the man drives towards the beach .
bragg returned to england at the end of 1908 and took the cavendish chair in physics at the university of leeds in 1909  .
a beijing park started using facial recognition scanners to save toilet paper and stop thieves .
isle royale national park is a wildlife reserve on more than 100 islands in northwest lake superior  ,  in northern michigan in the united states  .
barry trotz ‘hopeful’ center marcus johansson will travel with the team next week .
he asked me ,  if a sheep eats little bushes ,  does it eat flowers ,  too ?  a sheep eats whatever it finds ,  i answered .
it reached its peak strength at winds of 100 mph ( 155 km\/h ) and a minimum central barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hpa ; 28 . 94 inhg )  ,  making it a category 2  ,  on october 29  .
garland s role as dorothy gale in the wizard of oz may be the foundation stone of her iconic status  .
sunghee failed her college exams and left the group  .
two stunning new zealand glaciers are beginning to melt away .
in a molecular cloning experiment  ,  the dna to be cloned is got from an organism of interest  ,  then treated with enzymes in the test tube to get smaller dna fragments  .
the dc design house has closed its doors for good .
cabinet postpones deliberation on policy statement .
it costs $25 to get to the 70th floor area .
in 1812 he went to complete his education at bern  ,  and in 1820 was received as a pastor  .
manafort and former business partner indicted in special counsel investigation .
the american civil liberties union lawyers who represent al-kidd claim that he is one of 70 muslim men who were similarly treated  .
oklahoma state and texas tech combined for 123 points in the highest-scoring game this season .
an office in sweden does something very different .
the iep writes about world peace every year .
guerrero used a ddt and frog splash maneuver on angle that would result in a two-count pin attempt  .
he was not able to adapt to the physical demands of nba basketball because of a serious knee injury  .
u . s .  strike believed to have killed ‘jihadi john , ’ islamic state executioner .
he had also led a political organization known as the young hawaiians  .
of course  ,  this page should not replace talking about people directly on their talk pages  ,  or on article talk pages  .
in september 2008  ,  a gaol  ,  the wellington correctional centre was opened  .
the movie stars the following people : snl and kids in the hall alum  ,  mark mckinney  ,  who appeared in many of the mary katherine gallagher snl skits on television  ,  also has a minor role as a priest  .
along with the psittacoidea ( true parrots ) and the strigopoidea ( new zealand parrots )  ,  they make up the order psittaciformes ( parrots )  .
however  ,  an influx of more exotic spices such as chocolate  ,  coffee  ,  tea  ,  and vanilla from newly contacted eastern and overseas countries caused european cultivation and usage of saffron to decline  .
jerome s .  bruner ,  influential psychologist of perception ,  dies at 100 .
most divisions are named after important historical people  ,  such as former politicians ( often prime ministers )  ,  explorers  ,  artists and engineers  .
virginia’s first lady promotes statewide breakfast initiative at woodbridge school .
in 1975 the urban district of neuss lost its independent status and was merged into the grevenbroich district  ,  which was renamed to kreis neuss  .
they take their homes .
other dogs are slower .  some dogs need help .
the 2018 olympics are going to be in south korea .
people from other spanish communities  ,  such as galicians  ,  catalans  ,  basques and asturians  ,  also moved here  ,  but did not have as much influence on the language as the canarians did  .
the thieves throw the trophies into a lake .
however ,  there are some problems .  people say that people treat the cats badly .
most major historical and current towns ( shey  ,  leh  ,  basgo and tingmosgang ) are located close to the indus river  .
they are both owned by associated newspapers  ,  but the editorial staff are completely separate  .
man fighting for life after being found in poole alleyway .
will not contest from two parliamentary constituencies: .
however  ,  this specimen is thought to be a juvenile  ,  with evidence that it had been attacked by an even larger pliosaur  .
this news is about children .
the boy says ,  i’m sorry .
woodland is a low-density forest with plenty of sunlight and limited shade  .
trump ,  sanders projected to win new hampshire primary .
the dog is under the house for one day .
someone has fifteen kittens .
she said: we are just at the beginning of the road .
in the process of destroying the mamluks  ,  the wāli had to fill the posts that the mamluks had previously filled  .
the hoard was buried as an oak box or small chest filled with items in precious metal  ,  with some in smaller wooden boxes and others in bags or wrapped in fabric  .
as men and equipment were moved into the siegfried line they were able to establish a depth of 4 . 8 kilometers ( 3 . 0 mi )  .
mickelson ,  59-shooters thomas ,  hadwin set for phoenix open .
the cohesive forces among the liquid molecules cause surface tension  .
in july 2005  ,  he suspended the bundestag at chancellor gerhard schröder s request  .
it is extremely painful .  it leaves scars for life .
‘for those of us who work in marbled halls … the second amendment might seem antiquated’ .
moseley and popplewell came from the very start of casting  ,  whilst henley and keynes were rather late  .
it was conducted by uefa general secretary david taylor and giorgio marchetti  ,  uefa s director of professional football  .
dwane casey: teams playing for pride can be dangerous .
virginia defender emily sonnett taken no .  1 by portland thorns in nwsl draft .
as coral reef communities were established on the shelves  ,  they built reefs that grew upwards  ,  keeping pace with the rise in sea level  .
on april 18 to 19  ,  1775  ,  two militia companies from framingham  ,  totaling about 130 men  ,  fought in the battle of lexington and concord  .
they wear old clothing ,  and they put fake blood on their faces .  they look like zombies .
the vancouver whitecaps are a canadian soccer team that plays in major league soccer in vancouver  ,  british columbia  .
it was released in the united states on february 3  ,  1945  .
this news is about jules bianchi .
originally 20 countries had applied to take part in the competition  ,  but germany and israel later withdrew  .
in 1997  ,  work began to expose the remainder of the fossil from the surrounding matrix of stone  .
howard chasanow ,  judge on maryland court of appeals ,  dies at 79 .
russia warned turkey it would pay for shooting one of its warplanes .
forbes interview about my book democracy and political ignorance .
in 1950  ,  jordan died in a car accident  .
police search for good samaritan who helped dunedin taxi driver .
local people said the bangs slowly became louder .
in 1895  ,  the six premiers of the australian colonies agreed to set up a new convention by popular vote  .
the container deposit charged for a deposit bottle may be a fee to buy the bottle  ,  separately from the fee to buy what it contains  .
there should also be an 8 % decrease in journey times between stations  ,  and a 16 % overall decrease in journey times  .
the team wants to make a robotic hand that picks all of the goods in the online supermarket .
this mammoth project involved re-building the nave  ,  whose walls include some of the earlier church  .
national symphony orchestra executive director to step down .
a good friend ?  strong feelings ?  be honest and see what happens .  .
as part of the supercontinent cycle  ,  plate tectonics may create a supercontinent within 250 million-350 million years  .
this is a growing business .  the governments control and tax it .
teen birthrate is higher in small u . s .  towns than in cities .
his elder son lee hsien loong  ,  a former brigadier general  ,  has been the prime minister since 2004  .
donald trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster three-quarters of a million dollars .
paul george says hell sign extension with pacers .
washington post political reporters dive into spicers abrupt white house departure .
football fans are watching the world cup .
judiciary turns over a new leaf ?  .
visitors can reach the top of the space needle by using elevators  .
yolande betbeze fox ,  a miss america who rebelled ,  dies at 87 .
for va .  rep .  beyer ,  skipping trumps inauguration is a small symbol .
armstrong died on july 27  ,  2012 in his home in studio city  ,  california from natural causes  .
it will soon offer adventure travel and unique spaces .   it will offer yurts - big ,  round mongolian tents .
trustedconsumerreview announces best little egg harbor general contractor .
however  ,  as this was essentially just a 65xe computer with a keyboard which could be removed  ,  it was able to run most of the home computer titles directly  .
someone who has a terminal illness may be described as a terminal patient or as being terminally ill  .
a woman is in this house .  she dies .
sixty-five bakers prepare a giant stollen cake .
nyu student plummets from dormitory roof in apparent suicide .
trump’s claim that ‘the president can’t have a conflict of interest’ .
staff news: anna rothschild joins video .
pulitzer said the prize went to the best work .
since 1995 the open air theater has had regular performances of shakespeare s plays  ,  put on by the graduate dramatic society and the university dramatic society  .
unicef launches initiative on violence against children .
as a column in online world of wrestling stated : it is important to note that some of the wcw wrestlers  absences were out of the wwf s control  .
she has cuts on her feet ,  but she is ok .  she goes back to her owners after her adventure
in each picture ,  she had a sad face and an arm around her missing husband .
there is a legend that kelly and byrne had written a declaration for the republic of north east victoria which was destroyed by the victorian government  .
lora is located at 33 ° 52  60n 73 ° 16  60e with a height of 1138 metres ( 3736 feet )  .
they have fur on the bottom of their feet ,  too .
the company gets money from booking fees .
the myth of pandora is ancient  ,  and there are several different greek versions  .
the metropolitan museum of art struggles with success and loses its director .
how to handle a damaged balcony on a condo building .
israel strikes syrian army posts .
montgomery’s embattled liquor control director resigns .
his work is so well known that satirical political illustrations in this style are often referred to as `` hogarthian   .
following an issue of damnatio memoriae by the senate  ,  his statues were torn down and his name obliterated from public records  .
i believe that grammar for speaking can help you
if this happens ,  please ,  be so kind ,  don’t let me be sad ,  write to me quickly that he is back .
betty cuthbert ,  beloved australian sprinter who battled multiple sclerosis ,  dies at 79 .
no one is hurt in the incident
however ,  cannabis is still illegal in the usa .  veterinarians cannot tell owners to give it to their pets .
tbs in hot water for airing photo of burning river during indians post-game show .
most frequently  ,  the term refers to abstention from sexual intercourse  ,  alcohol or food  .
children cannot race in jordan .
however in specific terms  ,  the armenian question refers to the protection and the freedoms of armenians from their neighboring communities  .
nxe4 bf5 for a long time  ,  this was thought to be the best play for both sides in the caro-kann  .
the railroad later served several quarries in the area where titanium dioxide and aplite were mined  .
the next year their only child  ,  alexandra  ,  was born  .
after a brief marriage at age 18  ,  she left her husband and went to london to work making clothes in a hospital  .
fugitive polygamist lyle jeffs was found living in a ford pickup after a year on the lam ,  fbi says .
zonealarm is a software firewall originally developed by zone labs  ,  which was acquired in march 2004 by check point  .
lászló bodnár ( born february 25  ,  1979 in mátészalka ) is a hungarian football defender  .
that is during the spring and autumn equinoxes
this inexperience with romance was a factor in harry s failed relationship with cho chang  .
md .  man charged with child neglect after 20-month-old ingests pcp and xanax .
the un environment programme ( unep ) is in charge of the united nations environmental activities  ,  helping developing countries in making environmentally sound policies and encouraging sustainable development through sound environmental practices  .
his orchestra also played at the roosevelt hotel in new york city during the late 1940s  .
for example  ,  √ 9 = 3  ,  so 9 is a square number  .
the larger eggs weigh from 200-510 g ( 7 . 1-18 oz )  .
according to the 2000 census  ,  with 1 , 130 , 710 inhabitants  ,  it is the fifth most populous city of turkey ( after i̇stanbul  ,  ankara  ,  i̇zmir and bursa )  .
university of north carolina president raises concerns over ‘bathroom bill’ .
why the battle for control of the senate could stretch into 2017 .
donald trump’s smaller jet has a huge problem .
joe arpaio ,  the fiery former sheriff from arizona ,  will run for senate .
while varus was on his way from his summer camp  ,  west of the weser river  ,  to the winter headquarters near the rhine  ,  he heard reports of a local rebellion  .
d . c .  robber used stun gun ,  police say .
bradley county schools sue city of cleveland over liquor tax funds .
in february ,  a husband and a wife go on a cruise .  the wife disappears .
it makes laws  ,  elects the president and prime minister  ,  supervises the work of the government  ,  and has the power to remove the president and the state comptroller from office and to call new elections  .
infantry guns were the first type of artillery used by armed forces  ,  first in china  ,  and later brought to europe by the mongol invasion  .
sadly ,  she dies not much later .  the last oldest person was also from japan .
it raises $2 .
the barbary falcon ( falco pelegrinoides ) is a species of birds very fast and can get up to 250km\/h  ,  is a medium-sized falcon about the size of a crow  .
how bernie sanders missed his moment .
congressional staffer charged with filing false security clearance forms .
parts of the skeletons of nine individuals were found  ,  including one complete cranium ( the bones that form the head )  .
in blow to hezbollah ,  senior commander killed in syria .
interstate 70 west in frederick area reopens after tractor trailer crash .
they film the hurricanes from the international space station .
she had two older brothers named robert and william  ,  jr .   .
the wehrmacht entered the war with a minority of its formations motorized ; infantry remained approximately 90 % foot-borne throughout the war  ,  and artillery primarily horse-drawn  .
instant cash advance guaranteed approval .
released the same year  ,  enix s bust a groove revolved around similar dancing themes to dance dance revolution but employed a more conventional input method  .
it was part of mtv networks s digital cable channels  ,  and was available to all companies that provide digital cable and to dish network  .
it is also suitable for guitar music  ,  with drop tuning for the lowest string making two ds as open strings  .
by october 1917  ,  collins had become a member of the executive of sinn féin and director of organization of the irish volunteers  .
his father was a newspaper editor at the davenport gazette  .
it can sometimes be difficult to distinguish anaphylaxis from asthma  ,  fainting due to lack of oxygen ( syncopy )  ,  and panic attacks  .
at his first performance he conducted verdi s aida  .
egyptian masks had beards on them .
archaeognatha is an order of wingless insects  ,  also known as jumping bristletails  .
monks make the tattoos .  people believe that the tattoos have special powers .
the new yorker  ,  said essjay `` was willing to describe his work as a wikipedia administrator but would not identify himself other than by confirming the biographical details that appeared on his user page  .
diamonds have the highest hardness of any bulk ( all one type ) material  .
three hours later  ,  the national hurricane center stopped giving out advisories on erin as warning responsibility was switched to the hydrometeorological prediction center  .
iron ( iii ) chloride  ,  also known as ferric chloride  ,  is a chemical compound  .
in 1796  ,  he met the daughter of a blacksmith living near lyon named julie carron  ,  and married her in 1799  .
the year 1986 saw the release of sub pop s ( the  - terranean  was dropped earlier from the name ) first lp : the sub pop 100  .
euripides  ,  seneca the younger  ,  christopher marlowe  ,  and william shakespeare wrote plays that are important influences on war novels  .
bold stations are terminuses  ,  italic stations are staffed at least part time ( this has been confirmed )  .
salvation army ,  red cross ,  susan g .  komen abandon trump’s mar-a-lago .
it says that it is ok .  the hunt is important to some people .
he was only five at the time  ,  but he remembered the trip well  .
the claim that ‘99 percent of women have used birth control’ .
she sees many painting .
for example  ,  the proteaceae  ,  a family of plants that is known only from southern south america  ,  south africa  ,  and australia are considered to have a `` gondwanan distribution   .
as with many victorian scientists  ,  swainson was also a member of many societies  .
fight over ocean city’s ban on bare breasts goes to federal court .
the english words as found in the book of common prayer  ,  1662 ) : lord  ,  now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace : according to thy word  .
the inca road system ( el camino inca ) of peru was the most extensive among the many roads and trails that were constructed in pre-columbian south america  .
the eyes have a big gap which gives the scottish fold a `` sweet expression   .
some homes are smaller than prison cells .
previously in caracas  ,  which celebrated two runs in the same day  ,  but in two different squares  ,  in the `` circo metropolitano  and the `` nuevo circo   ,  but in the same square  ,  during the same day  ,  which also  ,  was the first time that this had happened  .
in his absence  ,  his sister and heir  ,  princess liliʻuokalani  ,  ruled as regent  .
the song is featured on deadmau5 s fourth studio album for lack of a better name  .
when the creatures continue to say that father christmas is their benefactor and has entered narnia  ,  a sign that her power is weakening  ,  she turns them to stone  .
this person is shocked but alive .  the situation of the other people is not sure .
‘king lear’ with rick foucheux is a family meltdown .
driver in md .  crash that killed three women and two children to be sentenced .
the movie is based on gary k .  wolf s novel who censored roger rabbit  ?
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
it began as a result of the united nations conference on the human environment in june 1972 and has its headquarters in nairobi  ,  kenya  .
the contract required barnum to provide both young men with food  ,  clothing  ,  a place to live  ,  and the costs of travel and medical care  .
this is a guide to making believable unblock requests  .
they do not have enough food .  they must eat insects .
her health declined and she died on 13 march 1767 of tuberculosis and was buried at sens cathedral and her heart was taken to the basilica of saint denis  .
mrs .  lee did not show up in person  ,  but rather had sent an agent to pay the $ 92 . 07 in property taxes that were owed for the land  .
to prove him wrong  ,  donkey proposes a challenge to see who can tell the scariest story  ,  but shrek amps it up by choosing to hold their contest in lord farquaad s abandoned castle  ,  duloc  .
public sector pharmacists ,  pharmacy technicians restive .
u . s .  service member killed ,  four wounded in afghanistan combat .
gabrielle also fights against warriors with notable skill ; she defeats the warrior mavican and stands against ares and hades ( two gods ) in battle for a rather long period before they defeat her  .
he gave his first solo performance on 6 january 1933 playing the brahms violin concerto with the warsaw philharmonic orchestra  .
snowden ``in safe place with friends ,  russian lawyer says .
british official says peace top priority for his government .
he found modern day lake zorkul  ,  called it lake victoria and proclaimed he had found the source  .
watch the exact moment a ‘kill vehicle’ takes out a mock ballistic missile .
daniel goes to hospital .
the modern european violin changed over time from many different bowed stringed instruments  .
the criminals tear the shop apart .
many young people are blindly chasing celebrities .
in 1087  ,  the conqueror died of wounds suffered from a riding accident during a siege of mantes  .
they are named after their quick  ,  darting flight  .
this news is about a girl .  she is from afghanistan .
the pilgrims left the netherlands ,  not england ,  for america .
dan kelly and steve hart were also killed in the siege  ,  and ned kelly was captured and tried in melbourne  .
john rassias ,  who created language-teaching method ,  dies at 90 .
pr .  george’s police ,  fbi seek man who allegedly broke into army career center .
one dancer also says that the country still has slavery
legal challenge launched against west midlands local plan .
the washington post to feature twitter challenger at 2016 white house correspondents’ dinner .
dina manzo still ‘scared’ 5 months after robbery & assault ,  teresa giudice reveals .
her french attendants were all accused of plotting against the king and his family and  ,  as a result  ,  one of her personal maids was tortured under allegations  .
very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch  ,  emperor kimmei ( 509  ?
this woman is 84 years old .
now  ,  lincoln park zoo is home to a wide variety of animals  .
the band got back together sometimes to play at new york clubs until johnny thunders died in 1991  .
sunny obama causes trouble at white house event .
virginia democrats step up fundraising ahead of november .
that is more than lg ,  motorola and sony put together .
session was held from may 18  ,  1848 to may 31  ,  1849 in the paulskirche at frankfurt am main  .
section 1 of the australian constitution sets up a democratic legislature  ,  the bicameral parliament of australia  .
the un puts more economic sanctions on north korea .  north korea’s government is upset .
bionicle was replaced by hero factory  ,  which was released later in july 2010  .
this is dangerous .  the students must stop rowing .
have you seen the new white lights on metro station platforms ?  .
she could not go on school trips because of her brown hair .
how children in foster care could benefit from the new federal education law .
it takes weeks to build the tree .  on top of the tree ,  there is a fairy .  it is made from 4 , 000 lego pieces .
delaware sustainable energy to hold two workshops .
this costs 2 million dollars
how to fill an unsightly gap in a patio slab .
bentley declares state of emergency .
modern gas stoves were developed already in the 1820s  ,  but these remained isolated experiments  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
the hubble space telescope was able to resolve the asteroid  ,  and to rule out the presence of any orbiting companions bigger than about 16 km in diameter  .
these weapons were small  ,  immobile  ,  and fired large bolts or quarrels  .
pentagon: opening combat jobs to women alters ‘factual backdrop’ in keeping them out of the draft .
concurrent showcases software solutions for every video screen at ibc 2013 .
he was one of the 20th century s leading evolutionary biologists  .
philippine president creating uncertainty ,  causing distress ,  u . s .  diplomat says .
william of aquitaine formed the first cluny monastery in 910 with the novel stipulation that the monastery would report directly to the pope rather than to a local lord  .
state department criticizes blasphemy laws in muslim nations .
saudi will spend $64 billion on entertainment in the next 10 years .
it is also word of the year .
clones - 1 , 761 people 5  .
it begins when rebel soldiers close some bridges in istanbul .  people do not know who is in control of the country .
these frogs live in southwestern europe and the caucasus  .
the platinum card had a $ 250 annual fee ( today it is $ 450 )  .
terry mccoy receives national enterprise fellowship .
solange sings like she means it at the kennedy center .
reality is the state of things as they are  ,  rather than as they may appear or might be imagined  .
one ball costs 36 cents .  the balls work for 20 years .
in 1822  ,  at age 19  ,  she married baron casimir dudevant ( 1795-1871 )  ,  illegitimate son of jean-françois  .
costco chicken e .  coli outbreak appears to be over ,  cdc says .
there  ,  she attended booker t .  washington high school  .
a dying cold front moved off the coast of georgia on september 2  ,  leaving an area of clouds and showers that slowly moved eastward  .
they look like berries but they are small nuts ( achenes ) protected by enlarged and colored petals  .
michelle obama makes a pitch to keep her advocacy work alive in a trump white house .
the incarnation is the christian belief that jesus christ is the god of israel in a human body  .
its name is hangman .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
a 92-year-old woman dies at her home .  a stray bullet hits her .
kushner’s legal team looks to hire crisis public relations firm .
quite successful in his profession-he was offered a professorship ( chair of roman law ) at the university of dorpat-he started painting studies ( life-drawing  ,  sketching and anatomy ) at the age of 30  .
ned kelly went back to the hotel but could not find dan or steve hart who were hiding in a back room  .
in 1923 a new design of enclosed double deck tram was built by p . j baker  ,  general manager of the tramways  .
the person does not want them .
it is www .
ernst franz hermann happel ( 29 november 1925 - 14 november 1992 ) was a former austrian football player and football coach  .
some linux-based livecd systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc  .
event cache : meeting organized and attended by geocachers  .
in 2009  ,  the company s profits jumped more than 60 percent from # 2 . 9 million to # 4 . 6 million  .
gillard s father was a psychiatric nurse  ,  and her mother worked in a salvation army nursing home  .
some people steal relics ,  like statues or tiles .
prince george’s officer shoots and wounds man who had a knife .
in 1990  ,  gibson was part of an exhibit at the san francisco museum of modern art called `` visionary san francisco   .
the use of `` yellow journalism  as a term for over-the-top sensationalism in the u . s .  apparently started with more serious newspapers commenting how far `` the yellow kid papers  went  .
in solid mechanics  ,  torsion is the twisting of an object that is result of an applied torque  .
somebody puts a bottle inside the barrel .
man fatally stabbed outside addison road metro station in prince george’s .
the professor is polish .
the indian national calendar ( sometimes called saka calendar ) is the official civil calendar in india  .
five key playoff plays that sent kevin durant to the warriors .
the usefulness of measuring uric acid levels is limited  .
surgical center of greensboro files application to move operating rooms .
lasker thus became the second recognized world chess champion  ,  and confirmed his title by beating steinitz even more convincingly in their re-match in 1896-1897 ( ten wins  ,  five draws  ,  and two losses )  .
the bottle is worth $1 .
after its first publicly known proposal for a second theme park in anaheim was scrapped  ,  construction began in 1998 on a theme park called disney s california adventure park ; a hotel called disney s grand californian hotel  ,  a renovation  ,  renaming  ,  and re-theming of the disneyland pacific hotel ; and an admission-free shopping and dining area called downtown disney  .
some people do not like this show at all .  some people want to know more .
amid scrutiny ,  corey lewandowski quits his new lobbying firm .
she said at that instant the gun went off  .
people may hear voices without suffering from any specific mental illness  .
speed is measured through a speed trap covering the final 66 feet ( 20 m ) to the finish line  ,  indicating the approximate maximum speed of the vehicle during the run  .
the hudson institute is an american conservative non-profit think tank based in washington d . c .   .
yemen cannot help everybody .  it does not have enough resources .
this interaction can heat the gas being exchanged between the bodies and produce x-ray light which can appear to pulsate  ,  causing binary pulsars to occasionally be referred to as x-ray binaries  .
off-duty d . c .  police officer killed in crash with tractor-trailer in maryland .
this happens in southern italy .  two men enter a pizzeria .
around 6 , 000 people protest in vienna .
one woman said make-up is not dirty or smelly .  she said: a train company [cannot] tell me whether i look beautiful or ugly .
why the astros will win the al west in 2016 .
why hanukkah is the perfect festival for religious freedom .
woman knocked down by own car .
the fruit is a small drupe 1-2 cm long  ,  thinner-fleshed and smaller in wild plants than in orchard cultivars  .
china ,  india sign deal aimed at soothing tension .
authors such as anton chekov and george bernard shaw famously blurred the line between comedy and drama  .
some bats have distributions that cross the wallace line  ,  but other mammals are generally limited to one side or the other ; an exception is the crab-eating macaque  .
some of unaipon s traditional stories were published in book in 1930  ,  called myths and legends of the australian aboriginals  .
real madrid release adan .
school system bans open-flame science experiments after accident .
if there is no translation of the requested article  ,  then the qrpedia server offers a choice of the available languages  .
he featured originally in stories set at greyfriars school in the boys weekly story paper the magnet first published in 1908  ,  and has since appeared in novels  ,  on television  ,  in stage plays  ,  and in comic strips  .
the movie is based on the lightning thief  ,  the first novel in the percy jackson & the olympians series by rick riordan  .
his guide runner for the two races was joaquin de la vega  .
the professional phagocytes are neutrophils  ,  monocytes  ,  macrophages  ,  dendritic cells  ,  and mast cells  .
id never work with any other actor: .
companies will mine for water and minerals .
he went to school in milan and manchester  ,  and then studied at the university of oxford in 1996 and the university of cambridge in 1997  .
insurers restricting choice of doctors and hospitals to keep costs down .
see also : list of retired atlantic hurricane names the name eloise was later retired  .
newborn baby left in airport bathroom .
on june 17  ,  1958  ,  when one of the cranes was stretching from the north side of the bridge to join the two chords of the unfinished arch  ,  several of the spans collapsed  .
virginia’s schools are growing more racially and economically segregated .
i am a thousand miles from a land with people .
thin layer chromatography ( tlc ) is a common laboratory technique similar to paper chromatography  .
bhumibol adulyadej of thailand dies at 88; world’s longest-reigning monarch .
their speeds are 165 miles per hour (266 kilometres per hour) .  the state is in danger .
silver standard resources to purchase marigold mine .
chemical kinetics  ,  also called reaction kinetics  ,  is studying how fast chemical reactions go  .
the term yellow dwarf is actually an incorrect name  ,  as g stars can be any color from white  ,  for early types like the sun  ,  to only slightly yellow for the older types  .
around 24 inches (61 centimetres) of snow fall there .
the earth is about one third the age of the universe  .
the critically-acclaimed album  ,  also the band s most successful  ,  produced three singles  ,  `` roots radicals   ,  `` time bomb   ,  and `` ruby soho   ,  which all charted on the north american billboard modern rock tracks  ,  and the band performed two of these songs on saturday night live  .
it incorporated in 1984 to solidify its financial and editorial independence from the university  .
four men ,  teenage boy wounded saturday in three unrelated shootings in d . c .  .
at age 15  ,  vengerov won the carl flesch international violin competition in london  .
chief keef shot three times ?  .
prominent athletes who made headlines with their vegan diets .
examples of true annuals include corn  ,  lettuce  ,  pea  ,  cauliflower  ,  watermelon  ,  bean  ,  zinnia and marigold  .
woman fatally shot in northeast washington .
nola becomes first bar outside us to receive the seal of the sazerac .
will the nfl fine josh norman for selling a t-shirt of his illegal celebration ?  .
that is why there are so many of them
during 1878 and 1932  ,  tagore visited thirty countries on five continents  .
the word `` tree frog  is a popular name for several of the hylidae  .
doctors operate on her .  they remove her ear canal .
people who fought in zimbabwes war for independence also asked him to quit .
many dung beetles  ,  known as rollers  ,  are noted for rolling dung into balls  ,  which are used as a food source or brooding chambers  .
there are also a lot of fish around
she said the pink colour came from tiny animals in oceans of long ago .
this charity helps women like her .
if your account was registered prior to march 2  ,  2006  ,  your existing address ( if any ) has not been automatically confirmed  .
they are also very sad .
how to make the most of pancetta and prosciutto .
shines moved to hughes  ,  arkansas in 1932 and worked on farms for three years  .
the study was on monkeys ,  but it could also be true for humans .
since 1975  ,  the museum has been in a building that was first built in 1580 as amsterdam s orphanage  .
police arrive at the scene .  they arrest him .
three men charged in charlottesville attacks on counterprotesters .
it will fall in the ocean .
in 1930 she came back to moscow and helped start moscow news  ,  the first english-language newspaper in the city  .
redskins to place defensive lineman kedric golston on injured reserve .
in 1938 she co-wrote and sang a version of the nursery rhyme  ,  `` a-tisket  ,  a-tasket   .
king john ( 24 december 1166 - 18 october 1216 ) was the son of henry ii of england and eleanor of aquitaine  .
pete seeger ,  us folk singer ,  dies aged 94 .
in her youth she was known at court as mademoiselle de conti and had been bought up in a convent  .
they compare it with other dna
in severe cases associated with influenza a or b  ,  theanti neuraminidase inhibitors can be given  .
four government workers came to the lemonade stall .
national zoo declares sumatran tiger cub a male .
ravens sign kick returner-running back shaun draughn .
their names are peach and pearl .
in 1932 king albert i of belgium gave horta the title of baron for his services to architecture  .
maximo park launch their own beer .
people move the balls into water .
this award also comes with a prize of $ 2 , 500  .
sometimes it is also called euclid s fifth postulate  ,  because it is the fifth postulate in euclid s elements  .
this video is in hd .  there is also a video of jupiter .  it is in 4k
he is also known as rama ix  .
he earned a living by playing second cello in the theater orchestra of the folies marigny  .
people from many countries celebrate christmas .  the traditions are different from country to country .
miss manners: social media hasn’t changed the basics of invitations .
green eggs and ham is one of seuss s `` beginner books   ,  written using very simple words for beginning readers  .
in june 2005  ,  the glory church of jesus christ  ,  a korean-american christian church  ,  bought the entire property and changed the name  .
but the teachers say no .  the teachers want to save the picture
penola catholic college is a regional catholic secondary college in the north-western region of melbourne  ,  victoria  ,  australia  .
in biology  ,  strain is a low-level taxonomic rank used in three related ways  .
he escaped from detention in fairfield in the uk  ,  and returned to ireland  .
the music video was nominated for best r&b video at the 2003 mtv video music awards  .
he was born herbert ernst karl frahm on 18 december 1913 in lübeck germany  .
for the first three years the season ran from spring to fall  ,  but since the 1995-1996 season has run from summer to spring  .
there have been a number of national fishing tournaments held at the lake  ,  such as bassmaster tournaments  ,  like the bassmaster classic in 1994  ,  1995  ,  1997 and 2007  .
mortgage rates are flat this week .
most of the fighting took place in tonkin in northern vietnam  ,  but the conflict spread over the entire country and also extended into the neighboring french indochina protectorates of laos and cambodia  .
off-duty d . c .  officer shoots at two men who appeared to be firing weapons .
the judges choose a goat .  it wins .
telomerase was discovered by carol greider and elizabeth blackburn in 1984 in the ciliate tetrahymena  .
the u . s .  isn’t the most democratic .
he was also influenced by his cousin-in-law  ,  muddy waters  .
south yemen rises in protest .
the band released a covers album + dvd package in summer of 2008 titled cover your heart and the anvil pants odyssey  ,  and is currently working on its second album  .
the gop’s top priority is in trouble .
the calves grow very quickly and are usually ready to leave their mother at around six months  .
three high school baseball players kicked off team for using jerseys to spell out racial slur .
running back keith marshall lost for season with torn patella tendon in right knee .
here some news from western australia .  it is about two dolphins .
army sergeant accused of killing wife ,  pr .  william officer ,  held without bond .
tawana resources requests trading halt .
it moves the car back to the garage .
people with wider noses live in warm ,  humid areas .
in the spring of 632  ,  a grandson of khosrau i  ,  yazdegerd iii who had lived in hiding  ,  ascended the throne  .
the magomayev azerbaijan state philharmonic hall ( azeri : maqomayev adına azərbaycan dövlət filarmoniyası ) is the main concert hall for classical music and folk music in the capital of azerbaijan  ,  baku  .
jesse owens story ,  ‘race , ’ goes beyond winning the gold in ’36 olympics .
beginning in 2002  ,  adamson went through 2500 audition tapes and met 1800 children before coming down to the final four actors for the pevensies  .
starting sunday ,  businesses in maryland must provide paid sick leave .
roger ebert writes  ,  `` a perverse and wickedly funny melodrama in which you can find the seeds of dallas  ,  dynasty  ,  and all the other prime-time soaps  .
constitutionality of stingray use by d . c .  police is challenged .
former louisville recruits reportedly confirm sex ,  stripper-party claims to ncaa .
users who are given the rollback flag may revert revisions using the rollback feature  .
frank broyles ,  coach and athletic director at arkansas ,  dies at 92 .
axiom telecom launches new blackberry z30 smartphone .
ben carson calls for increased aid to jordan after recent visit to refugee camps there .
they have health problems and can die .
afterwards he headed to the austrian hockey league for klagenfurt ac for the 2006-07 season before retiring from hockey  .
the crash happened at around 19:45 local time ( 16:15 utc )  ,  and was thought to be caused by bad weather  .
man in critical condition after being shot by u . s .  park police .
dill oil can be extracted from the leaves  ,  stems and seeds of the plant  .
leaders from different countries come to paris .  they come to a conference .
in germany ,  there are two little tigers in a safari park .
the palais-royal was where the régent held his court and lived openly with his mistress  .
julius eastman ( october 27  ,  1940 - may 28  ,  1990 ) was an african-american composer  ,  pianist  ,  singer and dancer  .
there are 100 women on the list .
beyonce holds album launch in arcade .
.   .
national media believes in bielema .
hargitay married ellen siano in september 1967  .
shortly after  ,  they signed with the ps company label  ,  and in may released their first ep  ,  cockayne soup  .
in february 2009  ,  hugo boss fragrances said that miller would be the new ambassador for their boss orange women s perfume  .
the emergency staff must help them
regional leaders aim to launch metro safety commission by end of year .
the doctor has simple ways .  he makes the babies’ spines and upper bodies stronger .
many high schools in the united states offer ap courses  ,  though the college board allows any student to take any examination  ,  regardless of participation in the course  .
jeffrey paul mass ( june 29  ,  1940-march 30  ,  2001 ) was an american academic  ,  historian  ,  author and japanologist  .
house gop’s gun bill vote could fracture bipartisan coalition on background checks .
charles frederick worth ( bourne  ,  lincolnshire  ,  13 october 1825 - paris  ,  10 march 1895 )  ,  widely considered the father of haute couture  ,  was an english fashion designer of the 19th century  ,  whose works were produced in paris  .
blessed has an honorary position as official shoutsperson of the university of york s douglas adams society  ,  and in 2011 the university s student body voted to name a new study space as the ` brian blessed centre for quiet study   .
pteranodon was a large pterosaur from the upper cretaceous period  .
he is the albert o .  hirschman professor of social science at the institute for advanced study  ,  and a visiting professor at princeton university  .
‘dr .  langeskov ,  the tiger ,  and the terribly cursed emerald: a whirlwind heist’ is a very long title for a short ,  great game .
alexandria police: several wounded in assault at hotel .
in the 19th century  ,  net  .
de 82 became part of the red clay valley scenic byway  ,  the second scenic byway in delaware  ,  in 2005  .
jack-knifed tractor-trailer caused delays on inner loop of beltway in montgomery county .
u . s .  and iran accuse each other of backsliding on nuclear deal .
an image that captured the scene and the feel of yardfest .
surveillance images show vehicle believed involved in fatal hit-and-run in dupont circle .
spacex must make the tickets affordable to mars .
his last public performance was conducting elgar s ballet the sanguine fan for london festival ballet at the coliseum  ,  in london on 24 june 1978  .
nominations for best director are made by members in the academy s directing branch  .
the circuit has four grandstand areas ( main grandstand  ,  west grandstand  ,  north grandstand and south grandstand )  .
a lion moves to the car .
more than 51 people died .  people still look for the survivors ,  but they have to stop because of the typhoon .
it is the final day of christmas .
loudoun county schools budget proposal tops $1 billion for first time .
the independent group ( ig )  ,  founded in london in 1952  ,  is regarded as the starting point of the pop art movement  .
xiao’s english is bad .
when she has gone  ,  pedrillo comes to blondchen  ,  who is his sweetheart  ,  and tells her that belmonte is near and plans are ready for a rescue attempt  .
block belongs to the authors guild  ,  authors league of america  ,  and the writers guild of america  .
for the next decade  ,  operations at los alamitos were routine  .
in 1940  ,  he became a member of slovenian academy of sciences and arts and was also a member of slovenian society of natural history  .
the eu does not agree with trump .  the eu thinks that the deal is good .
in 1758  ,  the british attacked new france by sea and captured the french fort at louisbourg  .
eleven states and two federal territories are located on the malay peninsula while the remaining two states and one federal territory are on the island of borneo  .
at stanford commencement ,  protests amid the revelry .
missing the boat on medicaid work requirements .
after amtrak workers killed in crash ,  federal regulators order safety review .
one can also enjoy the forests which surround câmpulung or visit a monastery in one of the nearby villages  .
d . c .  public schools leader to resign after skirting school assignment rules .
they are one of the two families of owls  ,  with 189 living species in 25 genera  .
people say the pipeline will make the water dirty .
fatal fire in northeast was intentionally set ,  officials say .
banksy paints a picture on the wall of a school .  it is 14 feet long .
he was descended  ,  through his mother  ,  from the alcmaeonid family  .
d . c .  police officer shoots ,  wounds man said to be found with a gun in northwest .
floyd landis ( born october 14  ,  1975 ) is an american cyclist  ,  now best remembered because of the tour de france 2006 doping scandal  .
the beatles used it in the early days as a song they could play when the amplifiers broke down or the electricity went off  .
clinton to score another gop endorsement: former senator john warner of virginia .
evgeny kuznetsov named nhl’s ‘first star’ of the week .
maria giuseppina was engaged to the french prince louis stanislas of france  .
apparently the greek playwrights never used more than three actors  .
mercury ( i ) iodide  ,  also known as mercurous iodide  ,  is a chemical compound  .
for lots of people ,  it is very important to travel quicker .
he is often admired for his happiness  ,  plenitude  ,  and wisdom of contentment  .
at the end  ,  mysterio went on to hit orton a 619 followed by a west coast pop pinfall victory  .
its body goes onto a beach in canada .  the body rots ,  and there is gas inside it .
the young man doesn’t understand and he says ,  but i studied at university .
tong asked deadmau5 if deadmau5 could create something new for his appearance  .
there is a competition in brazil .  it is a competition in freestyle football .
jada pinkett on swinger rumors with hubby will smith: ‘yo ,  i wish ! ’ .
the club is managed by brendan rodgers  .
cavendish entered the 2010 tour de france  .
the woman died because someone hit her in the head .
roomful of teeth and a far cry give a biting performance at national gallery .
the game s graphics are all randomly generated ( put together ) at the start of the game  ,  except in special game areas  .
this is quite common for instance among homeless people  .
the rest of thomas rogers ( children ) came over  ,  and now are married  ,  and have many children  .
there are several memorials to sir thomas white in england and he is memorialized on leicester s clock tower  .
pba players visit yolanda victims .
some of the smaller species simply attach themselves to the dung-providers to wait for their reward  .
he is the longest house cat in the world .
usa today thinks trump is so ‘unfit for the presidency’ that it just wrote a historic anti-endorsement .
just before trump blasted air force one deal ,  boeing pledged $1 million for inauguration .
field of remembrance opens at carisbrooke castle .
spruance failed to regain contact with yamamoto s forces on 5 june even though he made many searches  .
consumption can be an example of compensation ( see study by allison j .  pugh : from compensation to ` childhood wonder  )  .
other species tolerate oxpeckers while they search for ticks on the face  ,  what one author described as `` appears  .  .  .  to be an uncomfortable and invasive process  .
in 2009 the kyneton district racing club joined with the northern melbourne institute of tafe to use the racecourse for educational training  .
they were only 10 .
the work was first published in english in 1978 when cardinal luciani was elected pope  ,  but it only reached the public after the death of john paul i .  the 40 letters in all are addressed to people in italian history and fiction  ,  including
david fanshawe ( born 19 april 1942 in devon  ,  england ; died 5 july 2010 ) was an english composer and explorer  .
admiral nagumo had kept half of his aircraft in reserve  .
security guard shoots man during gun battle outside shopping center in northeast .
he will do it solo in a hot-air balloon .  he must fly around the world in less than 13 and a half days .
st .  john’s fires football coach joe patterson ,  promotes joe casamento .
the terms substituent  ,  side chain  ,  group  ,  branch  ,  or pendant group are used in the same way to describe branches from a parent structure  .
they now want to do the tests on humans .
des moines is also the capital city of iowa  .

between 1873 and 1893  ,  the painting was held by jean-baptiste faure  ,  a french composer and baritone  ,  friend of manet  .
this move led the writers to immediately work on five more episodes for the series  ,  a total of ten episodes  .
charles d .  `` chuck  pagano ( born october 2  ,  1960 ) is an american american football coach and former player  .
it wants to fly to st petersburg .
a woman contacts a man on the internet .  she gives him money .
outside of yellowstone national park  ,  ten wilderness areas have been established in the national forests since 1966 to get more habitat protection than usual  .
he said criminals who hurt women should go to prison .
people watch the reindeer by gps .
not only did nimravids have varied tooth styles  ,  but they also showed the same range of size size and shape as felids  .
after writing material for their eighth album in late 2004  ,  the band rehearsed for three weeks before entering the studio  ,  the first time they rehearsed since the 1998 album  ,  my arms  ,  your hearse  .
he also wrote a lot of religious music  ,  including masses  ,  as well as popular music like dances  ,  divertimenti and serenades  .
the nation’s endorsement of bernie sanders is really about rejecting hillary clinton (again) .
it was named after the village les baux-de-provence in southern france  ,  where it was first discovered in 1821 by geologist pierre berthier  .
the album s popularity brought verónica a deal with motown  ,  which put out a second single from the album titled `` mamma mia  which performed well on radio  .
michigan punter target of suicide suggestions on twitter after botched play .
comenius also tried to design a language in which false statements could not be written  .
a quarter of the 180 copy edition of johannes gutenberg s first bible printed in 1455 was also printed on vellum  ,  presumably because his costumers expected this for a high-quality book  .
long-term aspirin use associated with reduced risk of dying from cancer ,  study shows .
d . c .  police say taxi carjacked in southeast washington .
in 1957  ,  mitropoulos and leonard bernstein served together as principal conductors until  ,  in the course of the season  ,  bernstein was made conductor  ,  becoming the first american-born-and-trained conductor of the philharmonic  .
carcharhiniformes is the largest order of sharks  .
it caused 16 per cent of all deaths in 2015 .
she died in philadelphia in the year 1977  .
the god of preservation  ,  vishnu  ,  is said to hold a special conch  ,  panchajanya  ,  that represents life as it has come out of life-giving waters  .
because both of these things are visible to potential customers ,  the writers are motivated to work as hard as possible so they can ensure the best rating for themselves ,  as well as the best essay for their client .
in 1988  ,  the television movie  ,  the return of ben casey  ,  with vince edwards in his role as casey  ,  aired in television syndication  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
part of rock creek parkway near kennedy center closed thursday .
nationals vs .  cubs weather forecast: should be fine despite shower chance .
she watches zoogoers through the glass .  they watch her ,  too .
mysterious light blazes across california sky ,  sparking confusion ,  excitement and fears of alien invasion .
the president of the museum puts a needle in the haystack .
every stone should be the same .
the train goes 7456 miles .  it goes through kazakhstan ,  russia ,  belarus ,  poland ,  germany ,  belgium ,  france ,  and then england .
this is where he was supported by bluesology  ,  a band including pianist reggie dwight ( reggie was later known as elton john  .  )
ash is usually seen traveling by himself during this manga  ,  although he is sometimes joined by misty and brock in indigo  .
it also harms their school work ,  eating habits and relations with parents .
one robot costs less than $100
its range goes from central china through to the korean peninsula  .
when lindström finally met who she thought was a hitman  ,  but who in reality was an undercover policeman  ,  she was arrested  .
edward i ( 17 june 1239-7 july 1307 )  ,  also longshanks ( meaning ` long legs  ) and the hammer of the scots  ,  was a plantagenet king of england  .
two d . c .  police officers shot and wounded in northeast d . c .  .
with a civilian representative of the king living in nubia itself  ,  nubia did not dare to revolt as often as it had  .
christian bibles range from the 66 books of the protestant canon to 81 books in the ethiopian orthodox bible  .
it was also in the 1980s that jim henson produced new television series such as fraggle rock and the jim henson hour  .
treating complex regional pain syndrome .
people find eight of them .  we do not know if they are ok .
denny hamlin edges martin truex jr .  in closest daytona 500 finish .
d . c .  leaders want to rename the street in front of the russian embassy after an assassinated ,  anti-putin dissident .
he was probably involved in the deaths of three people in australia  .
they say that they want to set the people free from the government .
goucher poll: race for maryland democratic gubernatorial nomination is wide open .
they are from two to six centimetres long .  the spiders can catch fish which are bigger than them .
booz allen hires former fbi director to conduct security review .
dr .  dre s second album  ,  2001  ,  released in 1999  ,  was his return to gangsta rap  .
north liberty wants to build new water plant .
since pluto was originally called a planet  ,  it was not given a number until a 2006 redefinition of `` planet  that did nt include it  .
albert einstein said `` i know not with what weapons world war iii will be fought  ,  but world war iv will be fought with sticks and stones  .
see also : eighth crusade and ninth crusade edward took the crusader s cross in an elaborate ceremony on 24 june 1268  ,  with his brother edmund and cousin henry of almain  .
it is possible that haynes has played more professional basketball games than anyone in history  ,  staying active well into his sixties  .
argerich was born in buenos aires and started playing the piano at age three  .
the region is home to some of the world s highest mountain ranges-the main ranges are the karakoram and the western himalayas  .
all of them must fight this big fire .
warner began the season 0-3 as a starter  ,  throwing seven interceptions with only one touchdown  .
a company in england makes the airlander .
redskins qb kirk cousins is showing his new persona at minicamp .
us will continue to work with pakistan: .
the modern hotel has three american and classic european restaurants  ,  and a beauty parlor off the main lobby  .
war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years  .
the annals were initially created late in the 9th century  ,  probably in wessex  ,  during the reign of alfred the great  .
as the commonly applied term `` palestinian arab  ethnonym implies  ,  the current traditional vernacular of palestinians  ,  irrespective of religion  ,  is the palestinian dialect of arabic  .
a bullet can cross the border .  can the constitution ?  the supreme court won’t say .  .
przewalski s horse is one of three known subspecies of equus ferus  ,  the others being the domesticated horse  ,  equus ferus caballus and the extinct tarpan  ,  equus ferus ferus  .
the staff who receive the portraits and put them in the gallery  ,  vote for their choice of winner  .
i clean them every week .
a man stopped to help two teens pull an suv from a ditch .  then ,  they allegedly killed him .  .
the plane slides off the runway .  it falls down a cliff .
the date line passes equidistantly between the two diomede islands-little diomede island ( us ) and big diomede island ( russia ) - at a distance of 1 . 5 km ( 1 mi ) from each island  .
a bold new legal defense for trump: presidents cannot obstruct justice .
before that ,  another suicide bomber killed nine people
the precursors of chess originated in northern india during the gupta empire  ,  where its early form in the 6th century was known as chaturanga  .
the goddess of death  ,  hel  ,  is also used  .
harry kroto ,  nobel laureate who helped discover the buckyball ,  dies at 76 .
in an interview with pbs in december 2001  ,  hahn stated that of all the musical disciplines  ,  she is most interested in musical performance ( pbs interview )  .
d . c .  police identify man fatally shot in northeast washington .
they want to make sure that the animals are fine and healthy .
the oldest symbol is the lahore resolution  ,  adopted by the all india muslim league on 23 march 1940  ,  and which presented the formal demand for greater autonomy for muslims in united india  ,  and later led to the demand for a separate and independent ` pakistan   .
5 reasons pence is probably trump’s best pick for running mate .
as of the 2010 prizes  ,  hench and kendall are the only two nobel winners who worked with mayo clinic  .
the government of peru wants to stop this .  it makes a new law .
this news is from india .  it is about a man .
they look like a big ,  black cloud .
katarina waters ( born november 10  ,  1980 ) is a german-born english professional wrestler and valet that currently wrestles for total nonstop action wrestling under the ring name  ,  winter  .
muranaga was able to fire three shells before being killed  .
lotus components limited became lotus racing limited in 1971 but stopped building cars in the same year  .
jean-pierre jeunet ( born 3 september 1953 in roanne  ,  loire  ,  france ) is a french movie director  .
he only raced for one year  ,  as he suffered from pneumonia  ,  distemper  ,  and injured legs  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
fda approves stronger warning labels for opioids .
sadly ,  many teenagers copy the models .
chargers’ keenan allen carted off with knee injury feared to be acl tear .
the cub drinks milk from the zoo’s goat
they are amphibious fish  ,  which means that they can use their pectoral fins to `` walk  on land  .
it was thought that combining the lights would make a white light ; the idea came from color television  .
biden to address supreme court confirmation battle in thursday speech .
mammoths are thought to have traveled here as recently as 40 , 000 years ago  ,  and are thought to have made these rubbing marks  .
nate robinson challenged to one-on-one by shirtless dude during on-air interview .
his father was a chazan to the jewish congregation at keszthely  .
earle williams ,  who built bdm into contracting giant ,  dies at 86 .
it is the second largest scottish loch by surface area at 56 . 4 km2 ( 21 . 8 sq mi )  ,  after loch lomond  .
around 2 , 000 years ago ,  there were greeks in jerusalem .
the flight broke the record for the longest journey made by a solo pilot in an unfuelled plane .
a man plays this creature .
he talks about the recent mass shooting in las vegas ,  usa .
duke nukem 3d is set `` sometime in the early 21st century   ,  starting in a badly worn down los angeles  .
guy viii  ,  count of vienne  ,  had a dolphin on his coat of arms and had been nicknamed le dauphin ( french for dolphin )  .
he learned music from mississippi fred mcdowell  ,  who lived nearby  .
most legumes have this association  ,  but a few genera ( e . g .   ,  styphnolobium ) do not  .
first ,  chimps are smart .  second ,  chimps are like people .
there is an exhibition in japan .  it is about robots .
in 1977 guitar player martin simpson worked with her in the recording studio for three albums  .
person robbed at knifepoint .
a plugin is available for iphoto to upload to the picasa web albums hosting service  .
airstrikes on islamic state-held town in syria kill scores of civilians ,  monitoring group says .
moderate to severe croup can be helped with nebulized epinephrine ( an inhaled solution that widens the airway )  .
she wants taiwan to be independent
ford to invest $1 billion in artificial intelligence for your car .
this news is from england .
how to hang a heavy mirror on a brick fireplace wall .
kingdom hearts re : chain of memories is a reissue of the game made for the playstation 2  .
fairmont heights boys win first state championship in 36 years .
bees will use poppies as a pollen source  .
it brings people together
japan economy minister ,  key figure in trans-pacific trade deal ,  quits amid scandal .
in 2003 nelsons became principal conductor of the latvian national opera  .
ryan lochte suspended 10 months for rio incident ,  according to reports .
since december 2005  ,  it is a candidate for joining the european union  .
read the level 3 version of the little prince
italian police think that the wife is in the black bag .  her husband’s lawyer says that it is not her body .  the police are still working
he starts to cut hair with them at his salon ,  too .  he uses a hammer ,  a razor ,  a knife and meat cleavers .
after shooting spree ,  small florida town in mourning .
,  also known as empress-consort jingū ( 神功皇后  ,  jingū-kōgō  ?  )
summerset doubles profit .
dr .  selma botman to serve as universitys next vice president for academic affairs and provost .
he found indiana businessman tony hulman  .
fbi’s top lawyer said to be reassigned .
kamal haasan pledges commitment to the country .
the hurricane is very strong .  its winds blow at 241 kilometres per hour .  the latest location of the hurricane is 362 kilometres from mexico .
aisd schools to operating on normal schedule .
the underside of the male s wings is mainly yellow-orange  .
scientists want to protect the beach .  they close it for four months .
i try to use words which are not difficult .
this law is against gay people
juan mata will wear number 8 shirt .
facebook will let your friends know when youre close by .
he believed afghanistan under the rule of mullah omar s taliban was `` the only islamic country  in the muslim world  .
is the name for all the shows produced by tsuburaya productions featuring ultraman  ,  his many kyodai ( brothers )  ,  and the countless number of ultra beings and the ultra monsters  .
` this was much less than that of the morning sun  .
`` darlin  was written by her when she was 15 years old  ,  and living in napanee  ,  ontario  .
the massacres were committed in eilaboun  ,  a village in the northern galilee between nazareth and the sea of galilee  .
the advisories that were given out by the national hurricane center stated that rainfall from jose was the probably the biggest threat  .
apple music is a streaming service .
though tracks and track parts remain on the bridge  ,  it is no longer in use nor has it been for quite some time  .
14-year-old charged in fatal shooting of construction worker had five prior arrests ,  including assaults .
in 1932 ,  amelia earhart flies alone over the atlantic ocean .  she is the first woman pilot to do this .
the titanosaurs were the dominant herbivores of the upper cretaceous on the southern continents which made up gondwana  .
in victoria  ,  some indigenous australian words for the emu were barrimal in the djadja wurrung language  ,  myoure in gunai  ,  and courn in jardwadjali  .
delhi is upset because it thinks the noodles are unsafe .
the police are waiting outside  ,  and killer kane goes back to prison  ,  this time until he s an old man  .
it was produced by steve lillywhite  ,  and recorded in a dublin studio called windmill lane studios  .
godefroit s team will try to confirm the specimen  s age by mineralogical and botanical analysis on the shale slab  .
helicopter from joint base andrews made precautionary landing at middle school .
during a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench  ,  dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask  ,  which leads to sydney  ,  australia  ,  and manages to remember it  .
metro operators misuse of alarm ‘serious safety issue , ’ inspector says .
the nave is usually a lot taller than the aisles  ,  and has high windows which light up the central space  .
thomas pringle  ,  james dacres  ,  edward pellew and john schank  ,  who were officers  ,  had became admirals in the royal navy  .
kurdish militant group claims istanbul blast ,  warns that tourists aren’t safe .
the remaining area is australian government land controlled by the director of national parks  .
he lives in herne in the ruhr area with his wife and his dog  .
umbc’s once-mighty chess team fails to qualify for the final four .
he wants to find ways to help the brain .
one candidate was elected : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat  .
zankel hall  ,  which seats 599  ,  is now named after judy and arthur zankel  .
trump’s ‘fake news awards’ were a huge flop .
markets for trading commodities can be very efficient  ,  particularly if the division into pools matches demand segments  .
also ,  experts do not know if it is safe for pets
the second song was `` pothe jete jete khujechi tomay  for singer nasim ali khan  .
the series is produced by the warner bros .   .
they are chasing a car .  they are driving around 100 miles per hour (161 kilometres per hour) .
the tournament is played to celebrate the trinidad and tobago s 50th year of independence  .
san francisco police chief ousted after latest fatal shooting ,  mayor says .
spain to emerge from recession; .
iraqi and turkish energy officials to meet in baghdad .
as a measure  ,  fertility rate is the number of children born per couple  ,  person or population  .
science inc .  launches newly backed startup homehero .
he found that one of the mammalian toll-like receptors  ,  tlr4  ,  acts as the membrane-spanning component of the mammalian lps receptor complex  .
she does not want to give it to them .
he founded the world s first university course on flamenco guitar  ,  at the rotterdam conservatory of music  .
vollard would later write biographies of cézanne ( 1914 )  ,  degas  ,  and renoir  ,  as well as the charming recollections of a picture dealer ( 1936 )  .
mortgage rates reach their highest levels in four months .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
this service is not only about speed .  the makers of these cars also want to improve air quality .
the first slot machine was invented by charles fey of san francisco  ,  california  ,  u . s .
later  ,  he left the royal philharmonic orchestra because he did not have time  .
proposalhelper announces the launch of contingencyhire .
the sun is the problem .  its gravity is very powerful
many plants also reproduce asexually  .
like most of sub-saharan africa  ,  namibia was not largely explored by europeans until the 19th century  .
louis took part in national events of british east africa and then kenya at critical times  .
from capitol hill tex-mex waiter to 54th speaker of the house .
momlogic . com writer vuv-a-licious agrees  ,  asking  ,   ` what s the big deal  ?
he married  ,  but his wife s name is not known  .
braa sponsoring bus trip to uab .
his job was to get more facebook users .
adlington was born in mansfield  ,  nottinghamshire  .
stillwater man arrested for domestic assault .
it is the church of the multiplication of the loaves and fishes .

it is the most widely distributed species of owl  ,  and one of the most widespread of all birds  .
bailey progressing very well .
during the planning stages  ,  it was known as route c .  later  ,  it was named the victoria line after victoria station by david mckenna  .
british airways also has many flights from gatwick airport  ,  and london city airport which are both in london  .
bank of america ,  merrill lynch expanding on first coast .
puerto rican boxer remains in coma after emergency surgery .
man sentenced for crash that left woman in wheelchair .
she was born gloria fajardo on september 1  ,  1957  ,  in havana  ,  cuba  .
smokers more likely to kick the habit on mondays .
many very distant galaxies seen  ,  for example  ,  in the hubble deep field are known to be starbursts  ,  but they are too far away to be studied in any detail  .
other highlights of the more mature phase of her career include the role of spencer tracy s wife and elizabeth taylor s mother in both father of the bride ( 1950 ) and father s little dividend ( 1951 )  .
hugo began planning a major novel about social misery and injustice as early as the 1830s  ,  but it would take a full 17 years for les misérables  ,  to be realized and finally published in 1862  .
popular local anchor leon harris joins nbc4 washington .
injuries to his left knee caused him to miss significant action six times over the next four seasons  ,  and required three separate surgeries  .
on march 2  ,  2010  ,  their son easton quinn monroe was born  .
he thinks that god created the big bang ,  and the big bang created the world
the victim goes to hospital .
pope francis says that there is too much sex on the internet .  he says that it cannot be good for children
the painting is special .  it is a portrait of marie-thérèse walter .  there is more to the painting .
furthermore  ,  spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates  ,  which indicate that the surface is stony  .
he wins a gold medal .  he is a team leader .
for his actions in april 1945  ,  hayashi was awarded the army s second-highest decoration  ,  the distinguished service cross ( dsc )  .
radioactive water goes down the sinkhole .  it is a lot of water .
fallschirmjägerbataillon )  ,  were also under direct command of the kdo  .
she has a friendly authoritative control over each dog
vladimir putin officially divorces wife .
she tells the man to leave .
it will be a year of forgiveness .
three hacked to death over land dispute .
the ground moves under it .  on thursday ,  there is an incident .
during late 2007  ,  samsung used the song toothpaste kisses in advertising for its sgh-g800 mobile phone  .
this book is a collection of thirty six free verse poems about teenage love divided into four elements : earth  ,  water  ,  air and fire  .
it came out in 1995 for ms-dos and apple macintosh  ,  and a version was later made for sony playstation  .
four men go to prison .  they are not from bali .
woman allegedly threatens boyfriend with knife for refusing to cuddle .
they also sign the words to the song .
harry weller ,  prolific east coast venture capitalist ,  dies at 46 .
sea girt man jailed for violating restraining order .
armageddon ( 2008 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment ( wwe )  ,  which took place on december 14  ,  2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo  ,  new york  .
mick cronin flirts with unlv but stays at cincinnati .
a successor to the hipparcos mission  ,  it is part of esa s horizon 2000 plus long-term scientific program  .
dennis farina died aged 69 .
the boy and his younger brother had no other friend than their grim and somewhat sinister father  .
what obama’s allies and rivals want to hear from his last state of the union .
the police come to the temple .  there are around 3 , 000 police officers .
this news is from india .  it is about a man .
doctors without borders: 14 patients ,  medical workers killed in airstrikes .
otzi was 45 when he died .
her parents were mary wollstonecraft  ,  a feminist  ,  and william godwin  ,  a philosopher  .
study: small businesses are often shortchanged in state economic incentive programs .
hugo says ,  8 .
it can take pictures and videos ,  too .  it can help in different situations
beuys claimed that he had been saved by a nomadic tribe of tartars who  ,  sympathetic to the germans after persecution by the soviets  ,  ` covered my body in fat to help it regenerate warmth  ,  and wrapped it in felt as an insulator to keep warmth in   .
she will eligible for parole in 2025  .
he also gives them bmws
it has been found that the star cv aquarii found in 1934  ,  was actually an incorrect misidentification of 52 europa  .
two years later  ,  sun quan died at the age of 70  .
golden girl yarnold only took up skeleton five years ago .
thousands of them arrive on a beach .  they nest and lay their eggs .  the beach is in costa rica .
outspoken republican corey stewart defends senate candidate roy moore .
oh ,  how far the town hall debate has fallen .
nikki haley kicks off her re-election campaign .
he was named nfl player of the year and selected to the pro bowl  .
‘alaskan bush people’ mom ami brown’s cancer treatment plan revealed .
at the end of the video ,  the polar bear is 83 days old .
she opens a new american embassy .
today one of the victoria falls bridge s main attraction are historical guided tours about the construction of the bridge and which include a walking tour under the main deck  .
they save 1 .
banks allow borrowers and lenders of different sizes to meet  .
half of his body is in the water .
michelle ye hee lee joins the post’s political enterprise and investigations team .
in his narrative  ,  he gives all credit to his fellow sealing captain  ,  robert johnson  ,  for finding and naming the land two years earlier  .
there are two different crates that are scattered throughout the tracks and arenas of crash team racing  .
people call it the olympics of air sports .
on russian hacking ,  republicans walk a tightrope to avoid undermining trump .
with the trumps on hand ,  neil gorsuch officially joins the supreme court .
mr adesina grew up in poverty .
it was the eighth tropical storm  ,  third hurricane and first major hurricane of the 2006 atlantic hurricane season  .
a political group won .  this political group does not like immigrants
the pilots say that this sport is for everyone .
belbin was sworn in as an american citizen on december 31  ,  2005  .
teachers to be named and shamed .
the major exception to the convention that the number tracks the order they were or the order that they re orbit was calculated is the case of pluto  .
rubingh decided that the method of play in the book  ,  a boxing match with a chess match after  ,  was not very good  .
the children are between the ages of three and twelve .  they are travelling to school .
in england ,  there is a big training .  it is for emergency training .
they are called gravitational waves .
gallium ( chemical symbol : ga ) is chemical element 31 on the periodic table  .
the plane got lost in march ,  2014 .
the jumpers must be ready .  they must think only about their jumps .
volkswagen emissions scandal widens as epa adds first porsche model to ‘cheater’ list .
he told a friend to  ( b ) uy it immediately  for it `` was one of the cleverest things  he had ever read  .
while at caltech delbrück became acquainted with bacteria and their viruses ( bacteriophage or ` phage  )  .
trump and putin discuss cease-fire in syria in first conversation since u . s .  airstrikes .
the bear also looks for food in bins .
tiger moths usually have bright colors  ,  footmen ( which are usually much drabber )  ,  lichen moths and wasp moths  .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
before he started working in the adult movie industry  ,  pierce worked as a martial arts instructor in southern california  .
anoxic events ( ae ) occur when the earth s oceans become completely depleted of oxygen ( o2 ) below the surface levels  .
addison russells wife files for divorce ,  wont speak to mlb investigators .
in 1995  ,  kelly gave him self up to the authorities in switzerland and was extradited to the united states in order to stand trial on rape and kidnapping charges  .
since 1901 the academy has decided who will win the nobel prize in literature  ,  given in memory of alfred nobel  .
national signing day 2016: dematha ol terrance davis signs with maryland .
he visited a noodle restaurant and left his engagement ring there .
it took a year to build it .
the single was released in the united states on november 19  .
in mexico city ,  there is an animal hospital .
one man says that they try to protest to police about the trash .  he says that the police do not listen
at the end ,  the teams splash each other with water .
he helped write the book ` is belief in god good  ,  bad or irrelevant  ?
cecile richards expected to step down from planned parenthood .
sen .  jeff flake of arizona will retire ,  citing direction of gop under trump .
the festival divides people .  some people like it .
adam lambert: i am living an american dream .
n . c .  3-year-old finds gun in dad’s store .  he shoots himself dead .  .
olaf then turned to the north  ,  and on october 12 made a second landfall near manzanillo  .
can you build a boat from cardboard ?  you don’t think so ?  well ,  two men from england say that you can .  they take 300 old boxes .
it is in jerusalem ,  israel .  israelis support the new embassy .
charles robert gardiner ( december 31  ,  1904 - june 13  ,  1934 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the chicago black hawks in the national hockey league  .
during world war i  ,  he wrote about the war and was decorated with the french legion of honor  .
while quinn is driving back to new york city  ,  her car is hit by a truck  .
amber consists of several resinous bodies that can mostly dissolve in alcohol  ,  ether and chloroform  ,  associated with a bituminous substance that does not dissolve  .
synchronized swimming is a sport that is practiced in the water  .
this emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial shinto shrine ( misasagi ) at awaji  .
the play officially finished as of 26 may  .
they want to be online and check messages .  they do not want to work .
many of these were in the pillboxes ; each battalion had a heavy machine gun company of twelve  .
the girl’s shoes fall down .
a worldwide design competition was held in 1899  ,  with 17 entries received  .
he looks like he smiles in a photograph
at the age of seven she started playing her older brothers banjo  .
beverly cleary ( born april 12  ,  1916 ) is the author of over 80 books for young adults and children  .
southern cal offensive lineman chad wheeler detained by police ,  under psychiatric evaluation .
in 1571  ,  the crimean tatars raided moscow  ,  burning everything but the kremlin  .
william hutton was once the employees and he later recalled the long hours  ,  low wages and beatings  .
the northern part of the river  ,  which is called the niger bend  ,  is important because it is the sahara desert s closest big river  .
when asked why he did not compose more he once replied that his brother `` composed enough music for three   .
in june 1859  ,  the people rebelled against the temporal authority of the pope and established a provisional government  ,  but the insurrection was quashed bloodily by pius ix s troops  .
two taken to hospital after suspected chemical spill at northampton school .
the western transepts and tower were completed in an exuberant romanesque style with a rich decoration of intersecting arches and complex mouldings  .
much of the river wear shows the history of the industrial revolution  .
eh ?  are you still there ?  five hundred and one million… i don’t remember .
kidspost holiday wrapping paper contest ends soon .
in 1939  ,  nazi germany and the soviet union invaded poland  .
5 million .
it celebrates the beginning of spring and the end of winter .
the noise shook windows .
the original statue was later repaired and sent to hawaii in 1912  .
districts may lose state funding due to new rules .
the ` straight  sections of plumbing systems are of pipe or tube  .
people believe that this brings them luck .
fbi: ohio state attacker might have been inspired by islamic state .
a complex number can now be written as ( or )  ,  where a is called the real part of the number  ,  and b is called the imaginary part  .
she died in 1928 and was commemorated two years later with a statue in london s victoria tower gardens  .
clark nicknamed her janey  .
she is from england .  she is born with down’s syndrome .
andre 3000′s father has passed away .
after world war ii  ,  the ford foundation gave money to support committees studying education  .
the eggs then hatch throughout gestation  ,  which in most species requires two to four weeks  ,  his mate visits him daily for ` morning greetings   .
at this time  ,  chocolate still was only the bitter drink made by the mayans  .
egyptian airliner makes emergency landing in uzbekistan after bomb threat .
supreme court begins new term with case on whether workers can be forced into individual arbitration .
some people use their phones for up to five hours a day .
it created the models that formed the core ideas of neo-keynesian economics  .
the town has existed at least since the 8th century  ,  when its name was mentioned in a document signed by charlemagne  ,  in which it appears as villa gotaha ( `` good waters  )  .
justice department to prosecute traffickers of any fentanyl-related substance .
these temporary tattoos turn you into a temporary cyborg .
during her second stay at princeton  ,  she met and married bancroft w .  sitterly  ,  who became a physics professor  .
india condemns terrorist attack in china .
a filibuster against mr .  gorsuch is appropriate .
9 arrested in dasma drug raid .
neymar’s old club wants fifa to ban him for six months .
the village school is on the right of the road to laxmangarh leads to the government secondary school  .
cesar millan ,  the ‘dog whisperer , ’ cleared after animal cruelty investigation .
it wants to cut 120 , 000 jobs .  these are public-service jobs .
police release the man from the prison .  he attacks two police officers .
saone baron crocker ,  a lawyer and cancer patient advocate ,  dies at 74 .
then the guns switched roles to tools for game wardens and as backup firearms for professional hunters guiding international hunters  .
while the police and bane s forces fight at gotham city hall  ,  batman defeats bane  ,  but tate later stabs batman  ,  revealing herself to be talia  ,  ra s al ghul s child  ,  who escaped the prison thanks by her fellow prisoner  ,  bane  .
the noun anglican is used to describe the people  ,  institutions and churches as well as the liturgical traditions and theological concepts developed by the state established church of england and the anglican communion  ,  a theologically broad and often divergent affiliation of thirty-eight provinces that are in communion with the archbishop of canterbury  .
the university of wisconsin system is the main public higher education system of the u . s .  state of wisconsin  .
they want to talk about this situation
at a fairfax county library ,  patrons reminisce about hot shoppes .
the tiber is a river in rome .
the owner puts the videos on the internet .
indians will be [changed] forever .
an arpeggiated chord is spread from the lowest to the highest note  .
she married emmanuel de merode  ,  a belgian primatologist in 2003  .
party balloons cause security scare at white house .
lie was named as foreign minister of the norwegian government-in-exile  .
he scored his first goal on 18 february 2003 in a 1-1 draw against arsenal in the uefa champions league  .
starbucks instant-coffee thief sought in virginia .
shortly before he left the united states  ,  in january of 1918  ,  he re-wrote and re-titled urbs dei  ,  after making big changes to the first verse to talk more about the huge losses that british soldiers were having in the war years  .
the outlying lands of buckland and the westmarch were formally added after the war of the ring when they were officially granted by king elessar  .
avril ramona lavigne ( born september 27  ,  1984 ) is a canadian singer  ,  songwriter  ,  fashion designer  ,  and actress  .
these washington restaurants will close for the ‘day without immigrants’ protest .
george h .  smith in 1979 said that `` the man who is unacquainted with theism is an atheist because he does not believe in a god  .
mokujin is a training dummy made from a 2000 year old oak tree  .
santa maria makes top ten most violent cities in california .
jewel thieves caught in police ambush .
va .  panel to reconsider power line route that would uproot ex-slave’s descendants .
where to celebrate frederick douglass’s 200th birthday around d . c .  .
they usually hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches on the team  .
marble falls cancer survivor walking for others .
he was a member of charlie parker s all-stars and worked with miles davis and dinah washington  .
national chocolate cake day is coming up .  you know what to do .  .
supreme court agrees to hear ‘carpenter v .  united states , ’ the fourth amendment historical cell-site case .
sofia lovisa gråå had ben the first woman who was principal of this school alone  ,  and she was principal in 1804-1812  .
the adenorhinos barbouri is also known as the `` uzungwe viper   ,  the `` barbour s viper   ,  the `` worm-eating viper   ,  the `` barbour s short-headed viper   ,  the `` udzungwa viper   ,  the `` short-headed viper   ,  and the `` uzungwe mountain bush viper   .
similar narrow gaps exist between the nottingham urban area and the mansfield urban area and alfreton urban area  .
back behind bars !  ‘teen mom 2’ star adam lind arrested again .
nintendoland will feature nintendos most famous characters .
on november 8  ,  1913  ,  he married priscilla bradley shepherd  .
she talks about crime .  suddenly ,  something bad happens .
at survivor series  ,  they met in a rematch and the stipulation was that if micheals hit sweet chin music he would never get another title shot and if orton got disqualified he would lose the tile  .
john marshall ( september 24  ,  1755 - july 6  ,  1835 ) was an american statesman and jurist who shaped american constitutional law and made the supreme court more powerful  .
percy  ,  refusing godhood for himself  ,  forces the gods to swear on the river styx that they will recognize all of their children by the time they turn 13 and that they will end the pact of the big three  ,  in which zeus  ,  poseidon and hades were barred from fathering demigod offspring  .
by 2011 the company was reported to have been valued at more than $ 1 billion  .
ahmed kathrada ,  unflinching opponent of apartheid in south africa ,  dies at 87 .
these are some of the largest wind farms in the world  ,  as of january 2010 : solar photovoltaic cells convert sunlight into electricity and many solar photovoltaic power stations have been built  ,  mainly in europe  .
security guard struck by vehicle ,  which then caught fire in northwest washington .
u . s .  retail industry projects a healthy 2016 .
in 1679 he was appointed `` ordinaire de la chambre du roy pour la viole   ,  a title he kept until 1725  .
its price is more than 0 .
when defined by the world wide fund for nature ( wwf )  ,  the boundaries of an ecoregion approximate the original extent of the natural communities prior to any major recent disruptions or changes  .
donald campbell dewar ( 21 august 1937 - 11 october 2000 ) was the first first minister of scotland from 1999 until his death in 2000  .
different versions are used by other members of the royal family ; and by the british government in connection with the administration and government of the country  .
however one species has been found in mediterranean caves at depths of 17-23m alongside the more usual filter feeding sponges  .
the andes is 7 , 000 kilometres ( 4 , 350 mi ) long and is often described as the world s longest mountain system  .
kim wilson ( \* 6 january 1951 in detroit  ,  michigan ) is an american blues singer and harp player  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
however  ,  the king preferred spending his time in his summer residence potsdam  ,  where he built the palace of sanssouci  ,  the most important work of northern german rococo  .
despite intense criticism of his islamic state strategy ,  obama isn’t budging .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
ly will be big .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the game can look a little crazy .  but the men like it .
should people without depression take medication to prevent it ?  .
louise died in childbirth on 26 september 1736 outside paris  .
his father  ,  who owns a gold retail store  ,  wanted him to gain experience in the business and eventually taking over the family business  .
however  ,  his support of more social-welfare programmess was not popular with some of the party s more conservative members  ,  and he lost his post in the party s executive committee in 1912  .
it is shaped like a balloon and has a pink body with blue eyes  ,  catlike ears  ,  and a strange tuft of fur on its forehead  .
in cajun cuisine  ,  a mirepoix or trinity is a combination of onions  ,  celery and bell peppers  .
scientists study the cloth .  they say that it belonged to queen elizabeth i .
she does not know what to do ,  but she says that she feels like something has given her a second chance
in the 2008 dresden olympiad  ,  she played on board 1 for georgia  ,  which won the gold medal ( 1st place )  .
when the glatorian and toa discover the ignika unscathed in the location where mata nui was  ,  mata nui speaks to them from within the mask of life  .
this surgery is very dangerous .  the man may die
in the show  ,  contestants are building a house and trying to find someone to love in the process  .
shaikh mohammad bin zayed receives us congress delegation .
silt is easily transported in water and is fine enough to be carried long distances by air as ` dust   .
a black teenager is shot dead in ferguson .
they are a new apple tv ,  an apple watch ,  and three new iphones – the iphone 8 ,  the 8 plus ,  and the iphone x .
he says that it is not just for him .  it is for all colombians
the great australian bight receives very little of the runoff that fertilises most continental shelves  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
bomb detonated against idf patrol along northern border .
former gator trey burton says players never wavered in support of will muschamp .
at the age of 15  ,  1748  ,  she was allowed to return to the royal court  .
namco bandai files more ``tales of trademarks in japan .
thestreet reiterates ``hold rating for netflix (nflx) .
justin bieber invests $1 . 1 million on new app !  .
this is very dangerous for the baby .
cuttlefish eat small molluscs  ,  crabs  ,  shrimp  ,  fish and other cuttlefish  .
the flag of azerbaijan ( azerbaijani : azərbaycan bayrağı ) is one of the national symbols of azerbaijan and consists of three equal horizontal bands  ,  from top : blue  ,  red  ,  and green ; a white crescent and an eight-pointed star ( rub el hizb ) are centered in the red band  .
smith was one of the first actors to audition for the role  .
they get headaches .  they cannot go to school .
another is inland between the rivers thur and murg  .
she had been imprisoned by the gods in the depths of a volcano  ,  under constant watch by the demon god gandhara  .
the importance of the indus river and the shyok rivers is in the deposition of a huge thickness of quaternary sediments a treasure trove for geology researchers  .
the students who turned off their phones in class got higher scores on tests .
seeing that robinson was good at sports  ,  his older brothers mack ( himself a good athlete and silver medal winner at the 1936 summer olympics ) and frank inspired jackie to follow his interest in sports  .
the fortress is called the ‘kerdsai fortress’ .  it is almost 2 , 000 years old .
building on the ideas of william mcdougall  ,  lorenz developed this into a `` psychohydraulic  explanation of the motives ( reasons ) of behavior  .
this deaf immigrant was ignored in jail .  now he will get $250 , 000 .  .
in the wake of growing public rumors  ,  the authorities were forced to do something  .
british woman jailed for trolling herself on facebook .
his paintings depict sacred stories from his dreaming ( a kind of spirituality )  .
the tourists were students .  they were ripped off (overcharged) .
it eventually went on to sell more than three million copies in the u . s .  and more than seven million copies worldwide  .
betsy devos visits storm-battered schools in puerto rico ,  u . s .  virgin islands .
viareggio begins to be a place for tourism  ,  the passeggiata or promenade was born  ,  with its cafés and shops  ,  contributing to make famous the city  ,  that after will be called friendly the `` pearl of the tyrrhenian sea   .
people are trying to help pandas .  their situation is getting better
also  ,  the graveyard was moved from the town center to the edge of the town  ,  and the area was made into a romantic city park  .
he enrolled at harvard university and took classes from philosophers robert nozick and stanley cavell  .
he played college football at indiana  .
a plane lands in turkey .  the landing is not safe .
europe’s right-wing populist leaders to confer in germany .
the first soldier to be buried in arlington was private william henry christman of pennsylvania on may 13  ,  1864  .
in 2006  ,  fear factor was being shown at the same time as tv ratings champion  ,  the fox talent series american idol on tuesday nights  .
this bacteria turns milk sugars into lactic acid  .
this is the first time that this will happen .
paladion launches website protection service .
the blue blanquillo ( malacanthus latovittatus  ,  also known as the banded blanquillo  ,  striped blanquillo  ,  false whiting  ,  sand tilefish or eye of the sea ) is a species of tilefish  .
barnum thought these little trips about town the best form of advertisement  .
like most other male mammals  ,  a man inherits an x chromosome from his mother and a y chromosome from his father  .
he is ceo of financière robur et de cofragec ( 1982-1992 )  ,  of coficine ( 1984-1992 )  ,  of gestimage ( 1985-1992 )  ,  of fabriques sucre company ( 1987-1992 )  ,  of robur da ( 1988-1992 )  ,  of sfdic ( 1990-1992 )  ,  general manager of éditions robur ( 1986-1992 )  ,  of elphora ( 1983-1992 )  ,  of société joyeux ( 1985-1992 )  ,  of vrille ( 1987-1992 )  ,  of 3c ( 1988-1992 ) and of the films de la tour ( 1989-1992 )  .
baltimore police say 13-year-old with fake gun turned on officer who shot him .
typically unitary authorities cover large towns or cities  ,  which are large enough to be independent of county or regional administration  .
commodity money and commodity markets in a crude early form are believed to have originated in sumer where small baked clay tokens in the shape of sheep or goats were used in trade  .
the man stands on the edge of the bridge .
earle hyman ,  actor who played grandpa huxtable on ‘the cosby show , ’ dies at 91 .
top trends for parents and kids in 2018 ,  according to pinterest .
oliver wolcott was born in windsor  ,  connecticut as the youngest of fourteen children of the royal governor roger wolcott  .
large majorities on both sides of southwestern border oppose a wall ,  poll finds .
court won’t decide what’s a proper jewish burial .
called ashpal or ashbal  ,  roe can be eaten grilled  ,  cured  ,  salted  ,  or mixed with other things  .
firestone soon saw the possibility for increasing sales by making tires for automobiles  .
in 1976  ,  isaacs and laila measured the kenetic factors for the addition of sulfur dioxide to butadiene derivatives  .
asimo also knows what’s around it .  it does not walk into things around it .
facebook’s mark zuckerberg apologizes for ‘tone deaf’ virtual trip to puerto rico .
cookies were made at first in 7th century ad persia  ,  just after the use of sugar became common there  .
in peru ,  storms are happening .
electrons traversing the periodic magnet structure are forced to undergo oscillations  .
a lorry drives into a department store in the centre of stockholm .
for his work in his first series he was nominated in the `` outstanding drama performance category  of the national television awards  .
the group who graded his work included erich rothacker and oskar becker  .
then a month after being crowned champion  ,  vader lost the title to the russian hashimikov salman  .
seamounts are one of the most common oceanic ecosystems in the world  .
people from different countries come to the race .
with less than 3 % of australia s land area it produces more run-off than all of australia south of the tropic of capricorn  .
gulab singh remained neutral until the battle of sobraon in 1846  ,  when he became a trusted adviser of sir henry lawrence  .
the player controls pokémon  ,  battling other pokémon in a series of dungeons and closed arenas  .
the wedding took place on september 12  ,  1953  ,  at st mary s church  ,  in newport  ,  rhode island  ,  and was considered the social event of the season with an estimated 800 guests at the ceremony and 1000 at the lavish reception that followed at `` hammersmith farm   .
it makes the head dry ,  so the head makes more oil .
sara ehrman ,  hill staffer ,  mideast peace activist and hillary clinton mentor ,  dies at 98 .
twenty-one other asian americans also received the medal during the ceremony  ,  but only seven of them were still alive  .
she wanted to show the little prince that she was cold and that he forgot about her .
the night was marred by rioting by a minority of rangers supporters in manchester city center  .
originally  ,  the national hurricane center thought that the storm had already gained enough tropical characteristics to be classified as a regular tropical storm  ,  but in post-storm analysis this was changed  .
a race is held in japan .
tuvalu opposition votes out government .
he can eat a few nails at once .
how hillary clinton won nevada .
it is a small type of dolphin .
in 2004  ,  blessed sang on celebrity stars in their eyes  ,  impersonating luciano pavarotti  .
the man who destroyed trump’s walk of fame star will be on probation for three years .
he could only see out of the corners of his eyes .
several events are held at the baitul futuh mosque to serve both the muslim and greater community  .
man pays with life for trying to broker peace .
on valentine s day  ,  2004  ,  the wb network said that angel would not be brought back for a sixth season  .
the method compares words in a text to a list of words which are familiar in everyday writing  .
frederick was given back a rank in the prussian army as colonel of the regiment von der goltz  ,  stationed near nauen and neuruppin  .
senate approves increase in fines for corporate manslaughter .
he died quickly from loss of blood on 28 june 1880  .
they decorate the trees with fairy lights and 16 , 000 baubles .  they even have a santa clause in their bathroom
patsy cline ( born virginia patterson hensley ; september 8  ,  1932-march 5  ,  1963 ) was an american country music singer  .
many fairy tales today have are based on very old stories that have appeared  ,  though in different ways  ,  in many different cultures around the world  .
they send a drone with a camera .  it flies over the chimpanzees .
the club was created as pine villa football club in 1895  ,  but changed to the current name in 1899  .
three redskins players bow out of pro bowl with lingering injuries .
he also met the norwegian composer rikard nordraak who had composed the norwegian national anthem  .
the scanners are now a tourist attraction .
the models can be very simple or very complicated  .
by 1970 the population had fallen to 79  ,  and it continued to fall to 33 in 1980  .
in 1998  ,  the tacoma narrows bridge collapse was chosen for preservation in the united states national movie registry by the library of congress  .
this is also the origin of the terms a . m .  and p . m .   ,  ante meridiem and post meridiem  .
several independent experimental measurements support the expansion of space and  ,  more generally  ,  the big bang idea  .
melanie griffith steps out with strange scab on her nose .
how donald trump could dismantle net neutrality and the rest of obama’s internet legacy .
however  ,  he lost his role as head of the judiciary and as head of government in 1961  ,  as president of legislative council in 1980 and finally as president of tynwald in 1990  .
he made changes that led to better exchange of information between the fbi  ,  cia  ,  the department of homeland security and the department of defense  .
also  ,  there are six regional confederations recognized by fifa which take care of the game in the six different continents of the world  .
gun found by children in walsall is sent to laboratory .
note that anise hyssop  ,  agastache foeniculum ( also called blue giant hyssop ) is a very different plant and not a close relation although both are in the mint family  .
d . c .  council member seeks ways to reduce student suspensions .
trump administration divided over how to handle two isis militants .
geometrical and abstract elements are combined with figurative elements  .
he was awarded the lasker award in 2009 and the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2012  .
this would place the halaib triangle within egypt and the bir tawil area within sudan  .
the parents need the money before june .  in june ,  victoria will be two years old
,  sheila graduated in both classical ballet and in modern ballet  .
it began on july 11  ,  1954  .
why virginia is a key state in the 2016 presidential race .
accidents like this happen often in bangladesh .
the skin of naked mole rats lacks a key neurotransmitter called substance p .  this neurotransmitter is responsible in mammals for sending pain signals to the central nervous system  .
in 1937  ,  graham transferred to the florida bible institute ( now trinity college of florida ) where the florida college in temple terrace  ,  florida now stands  .
we yawn when we see others yawn .
rosemary was born at her parents  home in brookline  ,  massachusetts  .
jumping is a form of movement in which an organism propels itself through the air along a ballistic trajectory  .
on september 22  ,  1911  ,  young shut out the pittsburgh pirates and their pitcher babe adams 1-0  ,  for his last career win  .
his violin concerto no .  1 in g minor  ,  op  .
swift wrote: apple music will not be paying…artists for those three months .
the highest seasonal average at the stadium since ipswich turned professional was 26 , 431 in the 1976-77 season  .
the boy says ,  wow .
akin gump hires former mcconnell chief of staff in boost to firm’s senate republican bench .
on the november 24 episode of raw  ,  jericho defeated randy orton and batista ( david bautista ) in a triple threat match to earn a championship match against cena at armageddon  .
community college student admits role in hacking top u . s .  officials .
it existed between 1806 and 1918  ,  the capitol was the city of karlsruhe  .
in the first presidential election  ,  miguel trovoada was elected as the second president of the islands  .
queen elizabeth makes maiden call at halong bay .
after six years under sylvester  ,  he spent a final year of apprenticeship in the new york city office of william p .  van ness  .
how brazil’s impeachment process works .
the police must do something .  the driver of the car is an old man .
she was really proud of herself .
costa rica makes 12 fouls .  belgium makes only five fouls .
it is one of the largest optical telescopes in the world  .
alexander boris de pfeffel johnson ( born 19 june 1964 ) is a british politician and journalist  .
former prosecutor cleared of misconduct in texas death penalty case .
the man goes to the same hospital .
six years after it was founded fianna fáil won 72 seats in the 1932 general election  ,  and had a plurality in the dáil  .
musical .
the eleventh circuit reversed the district court s ruling in favor of kumho tire  .
there is also a small middle eastern-nicaraguan community of syrian  ,  armenian  ,  palestinian and lebanese people in nicaragua with a total population of about 30 , 000  ,  and an east asian community of japanese  ,  taiwanese and chinese people of almost 8 , 000  .
it was then moved to mayo in 1893  ,  and mayo is currently lafayette s only incorporated town  .
the amount of toilet paper used is down by 20% .
finn recorded his first solo album  ,  escapade  ,  in 1983  .
since then  ,  most local manufacturers have moved their production facilities to asia and mexico to reduce costs  .
the skin splits at a weak spot behind the head and the adult dragonfly crawls out of its old larval skin  ,  pumps up its wings  ,  and flies off to feed on midges and flies  .
her majesty s prison wakefield is a category a prison for men in wakefield in england  .
grants pass sports editor dies .
bonao is a dominican city and the head municipality of the monseñor nouel province  ,  in the center of the country  .
they are in a quiet part of the zoo .  the baby has no name yet .
a uk tour happened in october 2007  ,  ending in a show at the roundhouse venue in london  ,  where all the tickets were sold  .
people put a machine by the statue .  the machine feels vibrations .
the speed of the allied advance and a lack of deep-water ports made it hard for the allies to supply their troops  .
violence across iraq kills 11 people .
by the 6th century it split into several brittonic languages : welsh  ,  cumbric  ,  cornish  ,  and breton  .
the holy book states that the akilattirattu ammanai was written down by hari gopalan citar by hearing the contents of akilam told by narayana to his wife lakshmi  .
studies of the human genome  ,  especially the y-chromosome dna and mitochondrial dna  ,  have supported a recent african origin  .
gofundme page started for man attacked on metro green line train .
( private harold g .  kiner was awarded the medal of honor for throwing himself on a german grenade saving the lives of two soldiers )  .
macfarlane also has a character on family guy named after hartman named dr .  hartman  .
they worry what will happen to them when they grow up
this news is about a girl .  she is from england .
mines can be laid in many ways : by specially built minelayers  ,  refitted ships  ,  submarines  ,  aircraft  ,  or even by dropping them into a harbor by hand  .
the county has a major international airport  ,  the oslo airport  .
fred thompson ,  former senator and ‘law & order’ actor ,  dies at 73 .
e-zpass  ,  a form of electronic toll collection  ,  is also used at all toll plazas  .
india to sell sonar equipment to myanmar: .
many countries are worrying about a loneliness epidemic .
species that could survive fire began to take over : in particular  ,  eucalyptus  ,  acacia  ,  and grasses  .
there is a video in the level 3 section .  it shows pictures of pluto .
michelle pfeiffer opens up about plastic surgery .
this storm is the first storm of this year
hubel and wiesel s experiments showed that ocular dominance ( dominance of one eye is normal ) develops early in childhood development  ,  and can not be reversed  .
an australian attorney general believes this .  many people like the dogs
male seahorses carry babies and give birth to them .
many expected robinson to be the attorney-general  ,  but the labor party leader instead picked an unknown  ,  new senior counsel called john rogers  .
how many supreme court justices would a president trump get to appoint ?  .
he is ridiculed for his big ears  ,  but in fact he is capable of flying by using them as wings  .
they get guns through the hole
cabot high school is administered by the cabot public school district  ,  which covers cabot  ,  austin  ,  ward  ,  and northern lonoke county  .
the last take was recorded into pro tools with a shaker  .
let’s examine the twitter poll that trump retweeted this morning .
bosnian court announces release of 10 men jailed for war crime .
the dress represents history ,  politics ,  art ,  hollywood ,  and the president .  the dress is in the color of skin .
the position carries similar responsibilities to agriculture ministers of other governments  .
joined by richard montgomery s small army  ,  he took part in the assault on quebec city on 31 december  ,  in which montgomery was killed and arnold s leg was shattered  .
he is happy .  he says that young people like football .  he makes pictures of famous football players .
this news is from a zoo in the usa .  a komodo dragon lives there .
jay thomas ,  tv actor on ‘cheers , ’ ‘murphy brown’ and ‘ray donovan , ’ dies at 69 .
donald trump wants china to make north korea’s kim jong un ‘disappear’ .
in rio ,  the police take 400 big weapons .
a jazz standard by toots thielemans is `` bluesette  where he used whistling and guitar in unison  .
his grace or her grace is a style of address used for various high-ranking persons  .
bozeman man accused of stalking elementary student .
falcon heavy is the most powerful rocket in the world .  it is twice as powerful as the second most powerful rocket .
football was not on the original modern olympic games program as international football was in its infancy in 1896  .
the government releases 100 , 000 turtles into a river .
how legendary washington post cartoonist herblock might have drawn the 2016 election .
the jma downgraded ma-on to a severe tropical storm after it made landfall in wakayama early on july 20  .
he was evacuated from them just before the german invasion during world war ii  .
zgorzelec was a part of görlitz until 1945  .
she will be inducted into the wwe hall of fame in 2014  .
former mayor of fairfax city sentenced to 3 months in jail in drugs-for-orgy sting .
john stewart john stewart  ,  an architect  ,  was chosen by the guardians to replace guy gardner as the backup green lantern for hal jordan  .
in 2002  ,  the mirror changed its masthead logo from red to black  ,  because the term `` red top  is a name for a sensationalist mass-market tabloid  .
washington state asks judge to declare that freeze of first trump travel ban applies to new order .
house republicans revive obscure rule that allows them to slash the pay of individual federal workers to $1 .
a fire starts near sydney ,  australia .
stonehenge is a ring of giant stones in southwest england .
the prince said sea life will live in a new area .
a panda is born in a french zoo .
another design is an aluminum tray with a lever that raises the ice cubes up  ,  moving them off of the tray  .
berbatov joins monaco on loan .
the man does all of this for 14 seconds .
la dispute is an american post-hardcore band  ,  formed in 2004 in grand rapids  ,  michigan  .
tonight at meridian pint: 16 medal-winning beers from the great american beer festival .
tb affects old people who do not have enough to eat .
the international bank account number is an internationally-recognised way of identifying bank account numbers  .
after his resignation  ,  choi lived quietly out of the public eye  .
first ,  it cools anything under it by reflecting the sun .
lena dunham opens up about her hysterectomy in a deeply personal essay .
he said: i always take my favourite tea bags on holiday .
jack bowden ,  tv newsman in baltimore and d . c .  ,  dies at 82 .
cobalt ( chemical symbol co ) is a chemical element  .
a famous british royal couple is kate and william .
they are trying to find the meteorite
fans want mario ,  zelda and pokemon .
maryland teen sentenced to four years in alcohol-related wreck that killed 2 friends .
wallace collected more than 125 , 000 specimens in the dutch east indies ( more than 80 , 000 beetles alone )  .
former police chief sentenced to 90 days in jail .
before the votes are cast: the presidential front-runners ,  as seen through the eyes of children .
st .  paul s presbyterian church in ballan was opened in july 1866  .
syria’s fractured opposition meets in saudi capital to forge a united front .
traders carry bullish bets to january series .
is the impeachment trial of brazil’s dilma rousseff a coup ?  .
each player starts the game with eight pawns  ,  one on each square of the second row ( or rank ) from the view of the player  .
narayan sai undergoes potency test .
schneider was born in san francisco  ,  california and grew up in the nearby suburb of pacifica  .
15-man royal rumble  ,  earning a shot at the wwe championship at no way out 2004  ,  guerrero defeated the wwe champion brock lesnar in the main event with help from goldberg at wrestlemania xx he kept his title by beating kurt angle  .
curtis james hussey ( born july 22  ,  1983 ) is an american pro wrestler  .
mobile money transfer service launched in 250 post offices .
this star is like our sun .
they did not know the mother was doing more .
the boundary of the gulf is defined by the line from cape bai bung in southern vietnam to the city kota baru on the malaysian coast  .
he likes football and lionel messi .  he comes from a poor family .  they cannot buy a lionel messi jersey .
how to get payday loan with savings .
pope francis asks for forgiveness for ‘scandals’ hitting rome and the vatican .
it takes some time .  abba did not have a hit after hit after hit .  bjorn and frida are two members of abba .
biennials that are grown for edible leaves or roots are grown as annuals  ,  e . g .  beets  ,  brussels sprouts  ,  cabbage  ,  carrots  ,  celery  ,  parsley  ,  and swiss chard  .
local digest: woman robs a bank in northwest washington .
a . j .  styles defeated booker t at destination x on march 15  ,  2009 to win the championship  .
as one of the bigger near earth asteroids ( neas )  ,  eros has played a significant role in history  .
al-shabab says nothing about the attack
people are scared .  some tourists sleep outside .
something very bad happens to a woman .
a devastated niobe fled to mount sipylus ( spil mount ) of lydia in anatolia and was turned into a stone waterfall as she wept unceasingly  .
narendra modi to watch dance festival .
the first permanent settler was jonathan lambert  ,  from salem  ,  massachusetts  ,  united states  ,  who came to the islands in december 1810  .
peertv and partner launch new set top box in germany .
trump’s statement marking holocaust remembrance leaves out mention of jews .
a big pharma-funded charity that helps patients pay for drugs just sued the government .
the plastic is most often epoxy  ,  but other plastics  ,  such as polyester  ,  vinyl ester or nylon  ,  are also sometimes used  .
bradford was born to william and alice bradford in austerfield  ,  yorkshire  ,  england  .
she said harry potter and hello kitty had a theme park ,  so it was good that nintendo had one too .
webster county man killed in motorcycle crash in nicholas .
in the year 875 halfdene the dane ravaged the whole of tyneside and hexham church was plundered and burnt to the ground  .
william was the son of robert curthose  ,  duke of normandy  ,  and his wife sybilla of conversano  .
on 26 september  ,  2000 he was charged with perjury and perverting the course of justice ( i . e .   ,  obstruction of justice ) during the 1987 libel trial  .
her triumph was to be short lived  .
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly spreads out and loses its energy ; the water falls as rain  .
growing from one officer  ,  one man  ,  and one plane in 1928  ,  los alamitos in 1945 had become one of the navy s most important air stations  .
at the census of 2000  ,  there were 231 people  ,  101 houses and 66 families living in joice  .
all involve are close cities of parisian airports  .
after it was published on july 28  ,  2005 it sold over 1 . 2 million copies  .
steve riggio is vice chairman of the company and served on the board of directors  .
bradford had no military experience and when he became governor he would come to trust captain standish s advice on military matters  .
lucas giolito has another uneven outing as the nationals lose to the rockies .
d . c .  officer charged with pointing gun at driver in road-rage incident .
she died of breast cancer on 25 april 2011 at the age of 53  .
bipartisan group of senators push back on sessions’s order to pursue most severe penalties .
they cannot get back to the sea .  some people help them .
tickets cost five dollars  ,  270 people attended the event and the ceremony lasted fifteen minutes  .
three days later ,  the man is reading his newspaper .  she comes to him .
simon cowell still dating lauren silverman .
they buy more and more decorations every year .
a single can of red bull contains 80 mg\/250 ml of caffeine  .
the boundaries of salisbury plain have never been defined  ,  and there is some difference of opinion as to its exact area  .
woman fatally stabbed by husband in fairfax county ,  police say .
gellar also sang several of the songs during the buffy the vampire slayer musical episode `` once more  ,  with feeling   .
he was already wwe champion when he won the championship and unified the world heavyweight championship with the wwe championship to make the `` wwe world heavyweight championship   .
it is also the architecture of many castles  ,  palaces  ,  town halls  ,  universities  ,  and also some houses  .
in september 2009  ,  time magazine named him one of its `` heroes of the environment   .
the apple watch goes on sale .  people buy it .
baucau also has a wide shoreline with sandy beaches that are ideal for swimming and other water sports  .
in the sentence `` he sees the woman   ,  `` he  is the subject of the sentence  .
the purchase of a manuscript collection in 1803 laid the foundation for what would become the cantonal library  ,  which contains a bible annotated by huldrych zwingli  .
counselor at md .  high school arrested on sex offense charges with women he met on tinder .
road closures ,  delays possible during services for fallen montgomery county officer tuesday .
although there is only one well-preserved skeleton  ,  it is one of the best-understood theropods from the southern hemisphere  .
toll roads are at least 2700 years old  ,  as tolls had to be paid by travellers using the susa-babylon highway under the regime of ashurbanipal  ,  in the seventh century bc  .
on day 11  ,  there was a tribal switch like in other seasons  ,  which ended up moving two people from each tribe over to the other tribe  .
computer sciences corp .  (csc) issues fy14 earnings guidance .
pence: america will be standing tall in the world’ under trump .
most dutch infantry were equipped with the dutch mannlicher rifle  .
the coastal shelf area is rather narrow  ,  especially near and east of point barrow in the alaskan part of the sea  .
the coat of arms of turkmenistan was created after turkmenistan gained independence from the soviet union in 1991  .
despite this  ,  one reason that many splitting wedges have a wide angle is that an elastic material  ,  such as wood  ,  will bind a narrow wedge more readily than a wide wedge  .
how black lives matter ,  born on the streets ,  is rising to power on campus .
between 1908 and 1952 the village had a railway station on the mid-suffolk light railway  .
it is an area of about a square mile  ,  bounded by oxford street to the north  ,  regent street to the west  ,  leicester square to the south and charing cross road to the east  .
minmi is a genus of small ankylosaurian dinosaur that lived during the lower cretaceous of australia  ,  about 119 to 113 million years ago  .
stuart scott’s daughters send a powerful message on anniversary of his death .
since the north american free trade agreement came into effect  ,  many key limes are grown in mexico and central america  .
possums were later introduced from australia for a fur industry  ,  and deer from europe as animals to be hunted  .
in october 2007 bloc party said they would release a new single  ,  `` flux   ,  on 13 november-ahead of their end-of-year concerts  .
van failed to stop .
the animals are dressed up and walk on a catwalk .
the kota kinabalu ( north ) bus terminal in inanam provides intercity buses heading towards destinations north and north-east of the city ( tuaran  ,  kudat  ,  ranau  ,  sandakan  ,  tawau  ,  semporna  ,  and others )  .
one kings lane is in a rough patch .  so why is bed bath & beyond buying it ?  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the nats’ 2016 promotional schedule is coming .  there will be bobbleheads .  .
facebook .
there he was crucified with two criminals ( john 19:17 -22 )  .
the king marched into flanders at the head of an army and on 30 march got the barons of the province to accept william as their new count  .
‘my entire high school sinking into the sea’: laughs amid the waves .
``monotony collapses time; .
national cathedral’s page lester executes her plan to claim the dcsaa cross-country title .
as with previous games in the series  ,  most story missions can be played in any order  .
he has called for more influence for the president and has suggested the president should be directly elected  .
during the next years  ,  professor phelps worked to calculate the natural rate of unemployment  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
india and other countries did not agree to this language  ,  saying social and religious customs and that wild-growing cannabis plants being available in many places  ,  that would make it difficult to enforce  ,  so this never made it into the final treaty  .
she went to her first year of high school at the marywood-palm valley school in rancho mirage  ,  california  .
the charity gets £1 for every person who visits the installation
the dog is with its family now .  it is getting better and better
leicester tigers manu tuilagi visits his old school .
maybe farmers will grow more vegetables with extra nutrition .
in the 1792 election in sierra leone  ,  all heads of household-one-third of whom were women-could vote  .
male individuals mature at lengths of 6 . 9-7  . 5 feet ( 2 . 1-2  . 3 metres )  ,  while females mature at 7 . 2-8  . 2 feet ( 2 . 2-2  . 5 metres ) in length  .
many overweight or underweight women do not go to the doctor .
during the war  ,  the japanese had dismounted a number of their coastal defense 28-cm howitzers and used them to help break their siege of the fortified russian naval base at port arthur  .
people living there in the middle ages would have been in `` booths  or farmsteads and movement into the forest would have turned them into small hamlets  .
four men are arrested in connection with fatal camp springs shooting .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
additional losses in the rhineland weakened the german army  ,  leaving few troops to defend the east bank of the rhine  .
he says that his family s experience of persecution is one of the reasons he is liberal  .
all ground transportation services are in the arrivals terminal  .
his first wife  ,  mary potter  ,  died in 1835 after a miscarriage  .
however  ,  the average speed and is much higher  .

he thanked his fans and said he would be back next autumn .
auburn maintained throughout the scandal that they were not involved in any pay-for-play scheme  ,  and that cam newton was allowed to play  .
the family reunites
master of the queen s music ( or master of the king s music when the united kingdom has a king ) is the title given to one chosen composer of classical music ; it is a post in the royal household of the king or queen of the united kingdom  .
her father was prince leopold  ,  duke of albany  ,  the youngest son of queen victoria and albert  ,  prince consort  .
sife was originally a regional leadership training program attended by university students who tough their communities what they had learned  .
defenseman john carlson to miss third straight game with ‘lower-body’ injury .
at king of the ring 2001 on june 24  ,  then-wcw wrestler booker t interfered during the triple threat main event match for the wwf championship and almost cost stone cold steve austin the title  .
ben carson ,  outsider with no government experience ,  confirmed to lead hud .
it also has electric motorbikes in it .
is a prefecture in the kansai region of japan on the island of honshu  .
s .
he has translated the bhagavad gita into english in 1988 from the sanskrit text  .
the inhabitants of earth are visited by an extraterrestrial named nitros oxide  .
the two leading members of the band were known to be in a band called before today before pierce the veil was formed with the addition of tony perry and jaime preciado  .
editor’s note: welcome to the washington post 2016 top workplaces report .
orange line delays after train strikes deer .
man to spend 39 years in prison in stabbing ex-girlfriend ,  her grandmother ,  another man .
the slide is 305 metres above the streets .
sticking out the tongue is achieved by contracting the circular muscles that change the shape of the tongue and force it forward  ,  and contraction of two muscles attached to the caudal end of the tongue and to the mandible  .
lillian pulitzer rousseau ( lillian lee mckim ; november 10  ,  1931 - april 7  ,  2013 )  ,  better known as lilly pulitzer  ,  was an american fashion designer  .
man survives falling 115 feet at hawaii volcanoes national park .
they settled in the united states and paris  .
agriculture  ,  tourism and mining are the main economic activities in this vast and sparsely settled area  .
the law requires gym class for all students ,  but this charter school is refusing .
they ask a cat for help .  his name is achilles .
badmotorfinger was nominated for a grammy for best metal performance in 1992  .
he likes to visit the people .
however  ,  this rule will still introduce a positive bias for even numbers ( including zero )  ,  and a negative bias for the odd ones  .
people hope the ceasefire will keep going .
it is around 21 metres wide .  the plane’s wings are 8 metres long .
an announcement made on 5 november 2009 stating that the races in china and malaysia would not be taking place  .
he served on the jury for the sydney opera house commission and was crucial in the selection of the design by jørn utzon  .
from 1981 to 1985 he was the main guest conductor of the los angeles philharmonic orchestra  .
other symptoms that may rarely occur include fatigue and a high fever  .
japan s government made a law for the protection of cultural properties a `` designation system  ( 指定制度  ?  )
boy ,  4 ,  shot by brother , 6 ,  in what police think was accident .
taiwans new representative to israel to assume duties this week .
in a statement ,  alex ovechkin acknowledges 2018 olympic dream is dead .
turkey still hasn’t owned up to a vicious assault on american soil .
csx to make big announcement in brunswick co .  .
it gives evidence of the formation ( speciation ) and extinction of species  .
these include to ruhleben - and back by geoffrey pyke  ,  who successfully escaped from the camp in 1915  .
he succeeded the 5th president of singapore ong teng cheong and was sworn in on september 1  ,  1999  .
the stade de suisse was built in the place where the old wankdorf stadium  ,  which was destroyed in 2001  ,  had been  .
other people and he go on a journey .  they go from london to glastonbury .
bladensburg woman found slain in her apartment .
over the years  ,  the league has evolved from a small league consisting of only eight teams to two divisions  .
the scientists said their research shows that the land on mars is deadly .
cameron was once an atheist  ,  but around the age of 17 - 18  ,  during the height of his career on growing pains  ,  he developed a belief in god  ,  and became a christian  .
he was a descendant of james hamlin who had lived in the massachusetts bay colony in 1639  .
it is born at a zoo .  the zoo is in california .
they made statues look realistic
howard zinn ( august 24  ,  1922 - january 27  ,  2010 ) was an american historian and professor  .
bruce cole ,  renaissance scholar who led national endowment for the humanities ,  dies at 79 .
because of the young age of the mummy and the cause of death  ,  it could not be king thutmose i .
in 1975  ,  ebert and gene siskel of the chicago tribune began co-hosting a weekly movie review television show  ,  sneak previews  ,  which was locally produced by the chicago public broadcasting station wttw  .
we don’t know why she did this
they can stop people from voting .
así se proclamó el 10 de mayo como el día del teatro hispano gala en washington .
bridgestone s first overseas plant since the end of the war was opened in singapore in 1965  .
overall crime is down on metro ,  but harassment and assaults on bus operators up .
while they did that  ,  the empress dowager cixi declared war on all of them and sent the chinese army to help the boxers  .
one traditional event is body piercing .
matthew and brown originally placed dromaeosaurus within `` deinodontidae  ( now known as tyrannosauridae )  ,  based on some similarities in the general proportions of the skull  .
man fatally stabbed in se early friday .
the teeth tend to be more heavily-worn than those of its relative saurornitholestes  ,  suggesting that its jaws were used for crushing and tearing rather than simply slicing through flesh  .
another package which contained a left hand was addressed to the liberal party but was intercepted in a canada post processing facility  .
no one gets hurt on her crossing .
the little girls father explained what happened .
in an interview  ,  tajiri said the difference between the character s relationship in the games and anime ; while in the games  ,  trainers red and blue were enemies  ,  in the anime  ,  shigeru represented satoshi s mentor  .
mikaela shiffrin completes her olympics with a silver in the combined .
the truck pushes the car 500 metres .  police say that this is the truck driver’s fault
advocates: maryland omitted key pollution measure in air-quality report .
kylie jenner ‘leaning on kim and kris’ amid pregnancy shocker .
namur ( dutch : namen ; walloon : nameur ) is a province of belgium on the border with france  .
chavo on what eddie guerrero would think of todays wrestling .
posters may be used for advertising  ,  education  ,  propaganda  ,  and decoration  .
in 1931 he recorded his most famous song  ,   `` minnie the moocher  .
with $ 7 billion in damage caused  ,  it is the 13th costliest hurricane in u . s .  history  .
initially  ,  virgin s alex tai was the team principal ( person in charge )  .
he wrote that in many of the lakes he had visited  ,  there lived an `` amphibious animal  ,  which the natives call bunyip   .
administrative case wraps up for baltimore officer who drove freddie gray .
it is found in warm temperate and tropical coastal waters all around the world  ,  between latitudes 46 ° north and 36 ° south  .
giovanni paisiello ( 9 may 1740 - 5 june 1816 ) was a composer from italy  .
some of her best known and loved characters are ramona quimby and her sister beatrice ( `` beezus  )  ,  henry huggins  ,  ralph s .  mouse  ,  and ribsy  .
researchers looked at the lifestyles and reading habits of 3 , 500 men and women for 12 years .
there are two people on one elephant .  one is the player .  the second one handles the elephant .
king s cave on the south west coast is an example of such a raised beach  .
the entire album was recorded during selena s amor prohibido tour at the houston astrodome on february 26  ,  1995  .
corydon sent a mounted militia company company nicknamed the yellow jackets to support the us army in the war of 1812  .
a recent paper in the journal nature describes how mechanical stress can be used to reshape chemical reaction pathways to lead to products that apparently violate woodward-hoffman rules  .
we will be happy to help you
ortiz wants to visit marathon finish line monday .
the season goes around the protagonist  ,  aang  ,  and his friends katara and sokka and their journey to the north pole ( to north water tribe ) to find a waterbending master to teach aang and katara how to control water  .
his first landscape paintings are sad and gloomy  ,  colored with dark browns  ,  greens  ,  and pale blues  .
kenny kramm ,  creator of flavorings to make the medicine go down for kids ,  dies at 55 .
yui horie ( japanese : 堀江 由衣  ,  horie yui  ,  born on 20 september 1976 ) is a popular japanese singer and voice actress  .
nuts are made of the seed and the fruit  ,  where the fruit does not open to release the seed  .
from 1985-1989 he was principal conductor of the bournemouth sinfonietta  .
hungarian is a finno-ugric language  ,  which is a member of the uralic language family  .
arsenal fc - thomas vermaelen insists he is happy to stay .
stocks to watch at the close on tuesday .
soon  ,  she contracted with the record label vogue in november 1961  .
the students run towards the woman .
the opposition to wentworth helped an impeachment of the earl by the english parliament  .
a former soldier talks about poaching .
piss christ is a 1987 photo that was taken by andres serrano  .
in sports  ,  usc has a strong rivalry with ucla  ,  the other big school in los angeles  ,  in all sports and a strong rivalry with notre dame in football  .
increase in petroleum prices linked with international market rates: .
ilia is the daughter of the trojan king priam who has lost the war  .
the siamang can live over 30 years in captivity  .
the lowering acid level itself can make symptoms similar to gastroesophageal reflux disease  ,  and hinders protein digestion by holding back the enzyme pepsin  .
the university of london is the largest university in the uk by number of full-time students  ,  with 135 , 090 campus-based students and over 45 , 000 in the university of london international programmes  .
the zoo thinks that more people will visit because of the cage
thugs ,  prostitutes and spies: la .  governor’s race gets raucous at the end .
in 1994 judit suffered a controversial defeat at the hands of then-world champion garry kasparov  ,  the highest-rated chessplayer of all time  .
because she was a protector of canopic jars  ,  serket was associated with aset ( isis )  ,  and nebet het ( nephthys ) and neith  .
bernhard brought them weapons  ,  but in the second passage on 3 march they were defeated  ,  as he and his men unexpectedly re-appeared on the battlefield  ,  with savelli and werth falling into captivity  .
in the summer of 2005  ,  littrell solo single `` in christ alone  went to # 1 on the christian charts on july 4th  .
atlanta woman sentenced in identity theft scheme .
bright orange hats add quirky twist to charity lunch .
they know that it is there .
former fbi director comey to testify publicly .
it is in the phoenix park on the northside of dublin  .
he wanted to do many things for example  ,  study law or study religion  .
san diego county is where the two biggest fires are  ,  the witch fire near the northeastern edge of the city of san diego  ,  and the harris fire southeast of san diego  .
spielberg won two academy awards for best director  .
now they have 26 coins in total .
vilmos zsigmond ,  the lighting wizard behind ‘close encounters , ’ dies at 85 .
it destroys five homes .
in the 18th century  ,  the passenger pigeon in europe was known to the french as tourtre ; but  ,  in new france  ,  the north american bird was called tourte  .
norways president erna solberg said the photo was an important part of history .
between 300-500 species of bryozoans live on the reef system  .
4 kilograms) heavy .
however  ,  she did not pin melina  ,  jonathan coachman said that a rematch would take place immediately  .
videosinlevels .
white house military personnel removed amid investigation into contacts with foreign women during trump’s asia trip .
on november 16  ,  2006  ,  the members of the socialist party chose ségolène royal to be their candidate with a majority of 60 %  .
in recent years  ,  the only regular traffic on the river within the city is a boat which runs guided tours along the river liffey through dublin city center  .
fairfax police chief intends to release name of officer in fatal shooting .
pirate bay ban lifted in the netherlands .
in february 1846  ,  bland remarried a widow  ,  eliza smeathman  .
when she died  ,  henry purcell was called to write her funeral music  ,  titled music for the funeral of queen mary  .
d . c .  man gets 14 years for robbery of senior couple near dupont circle .
filipino athletes have also been at the winter olympic games three times after 1972  ,  but not since 1994  .
children watch .  they are from two elementary schools .  the children then eat the whale .
the canton of glarus is dominated by the deep valley of the linth river  .
the re-making of such a very much liked classic was given disapproval by variety magazine and horror by top critic roger ebert  .
this was the shortest and quickest way into northern kashmir from the tarim basin  ,  and one that was usually open all year  ,  but was extremely dangerous and only suited for travellers on foot  .
hudson county employees must now undergo ethics training .
it was one of the most popular daily newspaper in new england for over a hundred years  .
large galaxies can have more : andromeda may have as many as 500  .
a pilot flies a military plane .
now he working as a journalist  .
scientists know why birds eggs are different shapes .
sm entertainment stated that this ep would showcase the group s vocals and demonstrate their unique qualities  .
clunes station  ,  shown in the movie mad max  ,  was opened in the same year  .
this is because there are big local deposits of china clay ( kaolin ) and potter s clay ( potter s earth )  .
xv ; italian : benedetto xv  ,  21 november 1854 - 22 january 1922 )  ,  born giacomo paolo giovanni battista della chiesa  ,  was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 259th pope from 1914 until his death in 1922  .
you must know what your dog likes .
the heritage foundation said we should ‘hear from military families . ’ a military spouse weighs in .  .
it is similar .  police find it and destroy it
the st .  louis games hosted 650 athletes  ,  but 580 were from the united states  .
people give it cakes ,  honey ,  books and coupons for a haircut
rare tiger cub born at national zoo .
its name is democracy spring .  this group is against corruption in politics .
the line `` kameraden  ,  die rotfront und reaktion erschossen  is ghastly german  ,  but it was never amended  .
oft to refer workplace pension schemes to independent board .
he was one of the most extravagant men of his time  ,  named in 1938 as one of the world s most famous men by time magazine along with adolf hitler  .
williams earned multiple grammy  ,  emmy  ,  and tony award nominations  .
schultz was appointed to the democratic steering and policy committee in her first term in congress  .
the largest  ,  like shantungosaurus  ,  were as heavy as medium sized sauropods  ,  but never grew much beyond 15 metres ( 50 feet )  .
smith attended stafford senior high school in stafford  ,  virginia  ,  where he played basketball and football  .
jeb bush: trump’s call to block muslims ‘helps his buddy ,  hillary clinton’ .
the books are very popular .  they are not valuable because they are everywhere
san diego approved the construction of a new convention center in 1983  .
there were plans for a dreamcast version of max payne  ,  but they were canceled because of the console had stopped being made  .
avaí futebol clube  ,  or avaí as they are usually called  ,  is a brazilian football team from florianópolis in santa catarina  ,  founded on september 1  ,  1923  .
pocola voters prepare to hit the polls .
at maturity  ,  the female cones are 3-60 cm long  .
one lady says that people think that these attacks always happen in other places .
man utd manager david moyes says he is finding succeeding sir alex ferguson a more difficult job than he anticipated .
they kick him and shoot him four times .
more recently  ,  he was awarded the presidential medal of italy  ,  the borgström prize by the royal swedish academy of agriculture and forestry  ,  and appointed an honorary professor of the chinese academy of sciences  .
the town is protected by a 11 metres ( 36 ft ) levee  ,  but the local hospital and aged care home have been evacuated and an evacuation center established  .
it opened with the line ( as wooda bay until the name was changed in 1901 ) on 7 march 1898  ,  and closed when the line was closed on 29 september 1935  .
refugees have big problems at borders .
d . c . ’s lamont peterson will fight david avanesyan for wba welterweight title .
they are trees as large as churches .
three things we learned from day 1 of redskins training camp .
5 metres above the ground .
radioactive tool stolen from prince george’s county construction site .
there are also adult orangutans at the centre .
people take the dog to a doctor .  the dog’s owner is in trouble .
previous analysis showed that with x-ray and gamma ray energies above 30 kev  ,  the crab is the strongest persistent source in the sky  .
maude naismith died in 1937  ,  and on june 11  ,  1939  ,  he married his second wife florence kincaid  .
it lies in the garibaldi volcanic belt and is the northernmost volcano of the cascade volcanic arc that extends down to northern california  .
there is a leader of a mexican state .  the police say that he does something wrong .
wizards and bradley beal won’t agree to contract extension before tonight’s deadline and that’s by design .
kathleen karr ,  children’s writer who entwined history and humor ,  dies at 71 .
prince george’s offers plan to tighten grading controls after claims of fraud .
stevens lives in the brooklyn part of new york city in the neighborhood kensington where he makes up the asthmatic kitty records staff of the brooklyn office  .
in addition ,  fewer than 24 anti-semitic crimes go to court each year .
she hopes that he is ok .  a moment later ,  his car flips .
you must look at them and smell them .
a professor says this will show if the monster is real .
the silk industry produces over 130 million kilograms of raw silk  ,  worth about 250 million u . s .  dollars  ,  each year  .
parappa is a playable character in playstation all-stars battle royale  .
this will make diseases spread quickly .
an alternator is an generator which converts mechanical energy to electrical energy in the form of alternating current  .
prabhudeva marks world hepatitis day with kids in mumbai .
the gosei are the subject of on-going academic research in the united states and in japan  .
skye has a rich heritage of ancient monuments from the clans  ,  especially castles  .
she set a new world record  .
jennifer lopez launches 20th fragrance -- .
the un will take action against north korea .
his father  ,  who was from the uk  ,  died of a heart attack in 1967  .
you can send this book to your friends .
one of his paintings was purchased by nicholas ii of russia  .
toller cranston ( born april 20  ,  1949 in hamilton  ,  ontario ) is a canadian figure skater  .
nicole scherzinger arrives at the x factor launch .
five things to know about warren christopher .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the busiest route for passenger numbers was hong kong to taipei .
vaughn jones reinstated as coolidge boys’ basketball coach after court ruling .
it influenced botanists  ,  and revived interest in the long neglected idea that insects played a part in pollinating flowers  .
it covers 12% of the southern ocean .
‘the good wife’ will end after this season ,  cbs announces in surprise super bowl ad .
this resulted in french  ,  british and dutch pirates establishing bases on the abandoned north and west coasts of the island  .
it is about a woman .
google makes a phone .  it is its first phone .
louise de coligny ( châtillon-sur-loing  ,  23 september 1555 - fontainebleau  ,  13 november 1620 ) was the fourth wife of prince william the silent  .
cloisonné enamel objects are worked on with enamel powder made into a paste  ,  which then is fired in a kiln  .
the gop’s rousing chant on a night about the economy: lock her up !  .
later  ,  greek legends told of sea voyages to cilicia  ,  where adventurers hoped to find the world s most valuable saffron  .
exactly where is unknown  ,  but the temporal cortex has been proposed as a likely candidate  .
they got spots in music festivals such as rockin roots  ,  bamboozle left 2008  ,  and audio overload 2008  .
he wrote almost every kind of music : symphonies  ,  operas  ,  solo concertos  ,  chamber music  ,  especially string quartets and string quintets  ,  and the piano sonata  .
after the mating season  ,  they return to their natural color of the mottled brown  .
his mother was dorothy ayer gardner  ,  and his father was leslie lynch king  ,  sr .   ,  a wool trader and son of prominent banker charles henry king and martha alicia king ( nee porter )  .
it is a big tourist sight .
he made significant contributions to mathematical analysis  ,  from number theory  ,  to classical and celestial mechanics  .
the name probably comes from an aboriginal word  ,  `` yarrh  ( or `` yharr  )  ,  which means ` running water   .
8 stories to read if you want to understand the syrian conflict .
the single received a massive radio airplay  ,  particularly on bbc radio 1  .
common names for the same plant include rose of sharon ( but it is not a rose )  ,  rose mallow  ,  shrub-althaea  ,  syrian hibiscus  ,  syrian ketmia  ,  and st joseph s rod  .
it was named after the trojan daughter of calchas  ,  a tragic heroine who appears in william shakespeare s play troilus and cressida ( as well as in tales by geoffrey chaucer and others )  .
behind it is a space which is roofed with the largest dome in the city at 52 meters height  .
elliot won in the one hand lift event  ,  which was held immediately after the two-handed one  .
a double pedal is two pedal tones played at the same time  .
two luxury apartment buildings to rise on d . c . ’s southwest waterfront .
sasuke is a member of the uchiha clan  ,  one of the strongest clans of the village of konoha  .
‘life-threatening’ hurricane matthew bearing down on haiti; likelihood of u . s .  effects rising .
dargie also won 1956 prize with a portrait of australia s celebrated aboriginal painter albert namatjira  .
this happens in london .  a student is out at night .
when this happens ,  the whole waterfall can freeze
pope pius iv ( latin : pius quartus ; 31 march 1499 - 9 december 1565 )  ,  born giovanni angelo medici  ,  was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 225th pope from 1559 to 1565  .
a video is on the internet .  it shows a man .
a year later  ,  he joined the sydney symphony orchestra which was conducted by eugene goossens  ,  where he remained for three and a half years before leaving for england  .
people from 45 countries come to compete .  they kick the ball and do tricks .
rand has about 1 , 700 employees and three principal north american locations : santa monica  ,  california ( headquarters ) ; arlington  ,  virginia ; and pittsburgh  ,  pennsylvania  .
people in america are angry .  a company is building a $3 .
the rough-skinned newt ( taricha granulosa ) is a north american newt known for its strong poison  .
hammett no longer could live alone  ,  so the last four years of his life he spent with hellman  .
on 19 january 2005  ,  ferrari announced that it had signed an extension to the 1997 concorde agreement  .
the us is a rising star in global manufacturing competitiveness .
jared carter ( born january 10  ,  1939 ) is an american poet  .
the country says that it is making its nuclear weapons better .
they boycott the park .  space world is going to take out the ice rink .
she won the 1500 m gold medal at the 1992 barcelona olympics  .
the pets look great .
it is a permanent member of the united nations security council and has veto rights  .
the videos are very popular
madison square garden unveils new scoreboard .
she died in upland  ,  california of heart failure  .
after studying at eton and trinity college dublin  ,  coote bought a commission in the 34th regiment of foot - of which his uncle was colonel - in 1774  .
football is a popular sport in austria  .
never endorsed narendra modi as incorruptible: .
development in fairfax county ,  va .  ,  offers houses with plenty of gathering spaces .
they buy more and more of it .  they are starting to like western dishes .
the festival celebrates nudity .  this year ,  organisers think that 300 naturists can come .
when bob receives the signed message  ,  he raises the signature to the power of e mod n ( just like encrypting a message )  ,  and compares the resulting hash value with the message s actual hash value  .
officials do not know why he attacks .  they do not know if it is terrorist attack .
bangladesh and somalia were most affected by pollution .
leicesters team cost less than just one star in the top teams .
the so-called second generation of the raf committed several kidnappings and killings in a campaign in support of the prisoners  .
mariah carey bungles new years eve performance .
justice dept .  debating charges against wikileaks members in revelations of diplomatic ,  cia materials .
united airlines to furlough nearly 700 flight attendants .
federal watchdog opens probe into travel by interior secretary ryan zinke .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
limited voting rights were also gained by women in several western countries in the late 19th century  ,  including sweden  ,  finland and the united kingdom  .
he is going to be fine
gomphotherium lived in dry wooded regions near lakes  .
this year is its tenth year .
on october 25  ,  2005 they recommended changing the law to allow females of the male line of imperial descent to ascend the japanese throne  .
as she is half-asleep  ,  he takes her mumbling as approval  .
the two big buildings that are very easy to notice in whittier were built after world war ii  .
red line service restored following reports of smoke .
at this point he was made director of the newly established sanger centre ( named after fred sanger )  .
baltimore police say shootings at four officers was not an ambush .
former members of dire straits to tour us .
sir gilbert thomas carter kcmg ( greenwich  ,  kent  ,  14 january 1848 - barbados  ,  18 january 1927 ) was an administrative officer in the royal navy and later a colonial official for the british empire  .
the national hockey league s pacific division is one of three divisions that make up the western conference  .
gunmen on motorcycles attack turkish restaurant in burkina faso ,  killing 18 .
ebay reveals loss on tax charge .
car crash leads to suspect in carjacking ,  burglary and robbery ,  d . c .  police say .
‘the risen , ’ an absorbing new historical novel about spartacus .
the northern boundary of the state with massachusetts is marked by the distinctive southwick jog\/granby notch  ,  an approximately 2 . 5 mile ( 4 . 0 km ) square detour into connecticut slightly west of the center of the border  .
he cannot find a replacement .
a powerful eastward-moving mid-level trough across the central united states turned the hurricane northeastward and caused it to gradually speed up  .
marquette athletic director larry williams resigns .
the articles listed below are attributed by the boston news-letter to captain edward low  .
geoffrey ii  ,  de château-landon ( born c .  1000 - died 1043-46 ) was was a french nobleman and the count of gâtinais  .
at the ocean ,  people have to evacuate .
robert peter `` robbie  williams ( born 13 february 1974 ) is an english singer and occasional actor  .
it reached the # 10 spot on the oricon weekly charts  .
as a ligand  ,  porphyrin forms many complexes with metallic ions  .
the tarantula hawk is any type of spider wasp which is in the genera pepsis and hemipepsis in the family pompilidae ( spider wasps )  .
one elephant gives birth to a female calf .  this is the first time in 6 years .
tp4 stays in the ground for a long time ,  so new plants cannot grow .
dwight howard says hed fight ufc bout for $10 million .
there are 10 nobel prize winners amongst king s alumni and former faculty  .
google and microsoft each approved to sell 50 , 000 seats of their software to dod .
these turtles are in peru .  there are about 17 , 000 of these turtles .
he manages to leave the building .  however ,  there are more people outside
in 1892  ,  carter ordered an attack on the ijebu tribe ( of the yoruba people ) `` in the interest of civilisation   .
eight police officers hurt when suspect sets fire to electronics in his oven .
there are several ways in which a process or system can be seen as random : the many applications of randomness have led to many different methods for generating random data  .
north korea unveils homemade engine for missile capable of striking u . s .  .
he puts the letter in his home’s chimney .
pilgrims pride closing rendering facility .
he is caught attempting to rape one of the female servants  .
vice president pence urges peaceful resolution of afghan power struggle .
about four weeks later  ,  on april 17  ,  he started the website  ,  which has grown all over the world  .
the island s location also makes it susceptible to many atlantic storms  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
abbey theatre charges through kencen with ‘the plough and the stars’ .
after the nobel committee announced that capecchi had won the nobel prize  ,  an austrian woman named marlene bonelli claimed that capecchi was her long-lost half-brother  ,  which he acknowledged was true  .
he puts a nail through his private parts in public .
baltimore orioles are swept away in houston in record fashion .
at 2 , 500 m ( 8 , 200 ft ) height from the sea level  ,  it is a popular tourist resort in the summer months  .
proposal alone will not help change to culture of care .
in the late 1980s soviet leader mikhail gorbachev introduced glasnost and perestroika  ,  reforms to liberalize communism  .
the song featured rapper\/producer timbaland and is lifted from the original motion picture soundtrack of why do fools fall in love ( 1998 )  .
besides the instant powder form  ,  mexican hot chocolate uses semi-sweet chocolate  ,  cinnamon  ,  sugar and vanilla  .
mark wallinger joins hauser & wirth .
the world bank says 200 million indians have no electricity .
the top 100 crime novels of all time is a list published in 1990 by the crime writers  association ( cwa )  .
watch forlan score directly from a corner .
a student said she loved it because: its like a romantic novel with .
90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections to the affected people living in the destroyed area  .
roger ailes ,  architect of conservative tv juggernaut fox news ,  is dead at 77 .
trump: if it rains at inauguration people will know its my real hair .  .
a band gap  ,  also called a bandgap or energy gap  ,  is an energy range in a solid where no electron states can exist  .
pga tour moves tournament from miami donald trump course  .  .  .  to mexico .
they are comparatively tall  ,  having a height of 50 inches and a spread of 30 inches  .
man killed in waterbury crsah .
one company moves into the building .  it has floors 20 to 44 .  more people will move in the building in 2015
in 1969  ,  on the eve of his 46th birthday  ,  marciano was a passenger in a small private plane  ,  a cessna 172  ,  headed to des moines  ,  iowa  .
it costs $300 .  it is a bengal tiger .
the local government apologised to the little girl and cancelled the fine .
british airways holds talks with chinese carriers .
the 19th century `` clearances  led to significant reductions in population and the end of the gaelic language and way of life  .
nick caserio will stay with new england patriots .
virginia woman arrested after adding cleaner to coffee machine ,  police say .
tens of thousands of people protest in central london .  one of the things that they do not like is trump’s immigration policy
two men charged with ‘indecent liberties’ with youths at virginia churches .
the marriage by proxy took place on 15 august 1725 in the cathedral of strasbourg  ,  louis xv being represented by his cousin louis dorléans  ,  duke of orléans  .
yancey  ,  born estelle harris  ,  grew up in chicago  ,  where she sang in church choirs and learned how to play the guitar  .
,  and `` little by little   .
oklahoma qb baker mayfield wont be suspended for drunk arrest .
the original delmonico s began in a rented pastry shop at 23 william street in 1827  ,  appearing listed as a restaurant in 1830  .
philippe turned to his lovers  ,  and elisabeth charlotte to her writing  .
they are looking for good farmers .  if you are a good farmer ,  this can be the job for you
the impact wiped out about 70 % of all species  ,  including the dinosaurs  ,  leaving evidence of the k\/t extinction event  .
how not to tweet ,  with rnc chairman reince priebus .
the sisters say that kenyan and ethiopian runners are very good .
as of 2010  ,  there is not enough evidence to recommend for or against either honey or nasal irrigation  .
burglar breaks into md .  gun store but seems to get scared off by alarm .
an anaerobic organism is any living thing that does not need oxygen for growth  .
leopards are in danger .  people destroy their place of living .
more than 50 injured in firing during independence day celebrations .
two former hospital guards acquitted in 2015 death of elderly patient .
the most important and obvious identifying features of h .  floresiensis are its small body and small size of the space for the brain inside the skull  .
from slack to act: how millennials are redefining political movements .
normal movies use 24 frames per second ( frame\/s )  .
further information : official state car motorcades can be used to transport a very important person ( vip )  ,  usually a political figure  .
they find reproducing adults .  they also find young fish
the terminal along jalan tun razak provides internal bus services towards different part of the city and its outskirts  .
when floyd was a tropical storm located over cuba  ,  the national hurricane center issued a hurricane warning for the florida keys  .
mark darcy is dead !  .
italian marines will be tried in india: .
lawmakers’ russia probes to continue despite appointment of special counsel .
the blackpool tramway is a tramway that runs from blackpool to fleetwood  ,  on the fylde coast in lancashire  ,  england  .
tiger woods is a golfing legend .  in texas ,  he builds a golf course .
some must live with people .
in 1992 cherry s second album homebrew was released  .
the digger pulls out the cash machine .  they put it on a car .
,  a fishmonger  ,  and her mother kimie katō ( 加藤喜美枝  ,  katō kimie  ?  )
in new york  ,  a town is also a smaller part of the county  ,  but with less importance than in new england  .
from medieval times up to the beginning of the 19th century  ,  every important british town and city had a band of waites  .
sydney airport opens penfolds wine boutique .
on january 7  ,  2008  ,  flynn led lsu to a bcs national championship  .
newly hatched larvae feed from under the ragwort leaves to the area of their old eggs  .
d . c .  man arrested after shots fired along georgetown waterfront .
alec mccowen ,  stalwart of british stage ,  dies at 91 .
though cuse and lindelof stated that the dharma initiative would no longer play a large role in the show  ,  they have said that the `` dharma-michigan connection  would play a significant role in season six  .
at last ,  some stability: larry the cat will remain at 10 downing street .
this season ,  virginia basketball is in london perrantes’s hands .
the words are taken from a german poem by georg philipp schmidt von lübeck  .
the lava can be up to 700 degrees celsius .  the lava comes down the volcano .  it burns villages and roads .
for the first final fantasy game  ,  please see final fantasy ( video game ) final fantasy ( ファイナルファンタジー  ,  fainaru fantajī  ?  )
on that ideological basis  ,  he founded the croatian party of rights with his school friend eugen kvaternik in 1861  .
barneveld ( pronunciation ( info \* help ) ) is a municipality in the middle of the netherlands  ,  in the province gelderland  .
if the government said yes it would have been the third council in greater london to hold that status  ,  the others being the city of london and the city of westminster  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
williams college cancels a speaker who was invited to bring in provocative opinions .
this was the first time a moon orbiting an asteroid had been found by a ground-based telescope  .
hints from heloise: from a cake mix comes  .  .  .  cookies !  .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
he or she is not advised by the government  ,  as occurs with most other orders  .
in the closing weeks of fighting in europe the american forces had actually pushed beyond the previously agreed upon occupation zone boundaries  ,  sometimes by as much as 200 miles  .
a maryland teen ,  lured to the woods and stabbed 40 times ,  becomes latest victim of gang-related killings .
the material scientist\/engineer also deals with the extraction of materials and their conversion into useful forms  .
mortgage rates haven’t been this low in three years .
although the self is distinct from identity  ,  the literature of self-psychology can offer some insight into how identity is maintained  .
the mansfield railway line  ,  reached the town from tallarook in 1891  ,  and was closed on november 18  ,  1978  .
white house plan would reduce environmental requirements for infrastructure projects .
this news is about his mask .
however  ,  meat from the inshore hagfish ( a type of hagfish known as kkomjangeo ( 꼼장어 ) or meokjango ( 먹장어 ) in korean and nuta-unagi in japanese ) is a popular food in korea  .
not only with brabant  ,  but also with the county of holland and the bishopric of utrecht  .
gcsb bill has numbers to pass .
marx used the labor theory of value  ,  which says that the value of a commodity is determined by the labor required to produce it  .
it is near the e . j .  whitten bridge  ,  and almost 400 metres long ( hence the quarter mile name )  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
agabi used neurons from mice in his computer .
musica transalpina had 57 separate pieces by 18 italian composers  ,  including alfonso ferrabosco and luca marenzio  .
worth made his mark in the french fashion industry  .
4th circuit strikes down north carolina residency/movement restrictions on sex offenders .
george washington dominated at home by saint joseph’s ,  84-66 .
( alyssa greenfill was also in it )  .
the church there is dedicated to mary madgalene  .
there are gangs in mexico .
each mo s electric field is generated by the nuclei of all the atoms and some average distribution of the other electrons  .
psychologists who have studied it include lawrence kohlberg and elliot turiel  .
dolley payne todd madison ( may 20  ,  1768 - july 12  ,  1849 ) was the wife of us president james madison  .
women’s professional hockey finally tries a novel experiment: paying its players .
the most famous depiction of this parable is the importunate neighbour ( 1895 ) by william holman hunt  ,  kept at the national gallery of victoria  ,  australia  .
in 1893 very serious floods took place in the jhelum because of rain that fell for 52 hours  ,  and much damage was done to srinagar  .
andrew hawkins joins browns .
rwandan presidential hopeful and women’s rights activist is in police custody .
chandy promises help to endosulfan victims .
he exhibited regularly at the new york society of independent artists and was elected their director in 1919  .
he wrote an enormous amount of music  ,  including six symphonies  ,  15 operas  ,  14 ballet scores and many orchestral  ,  chamber  ,  vocal and instrumental works  .
it was not until november 2002 that the restoration works finally started due to president heydar aliyev s special decree  .
four reasons formula 1 is a mess .
goa medical college renotifies rates for private wards .
no certain dates can be assigned to this empress s life or reign  .
search underway for pregnant 14-year-old from va .  .
at these bars ,  happy hour ends at last call .
when rc s batteries become depleted  ,  woody ignites the rocket on buzz s back and manages to throw rc into the moving truck just in time before they go soaring into the air  .
pieces of broken pottery  ,  arrowheads  ,  and other native american things have been found in the county  .
baldwin and his wife adèle had three children :
the musaceae are a family of flowering plants in the order zingiberales  .
winning numbers drawn in ‘pick 3 midday’ game .
alexander graham bell was born in edinburgh  ,  scotland  .
local lds church leader dies after being overcome by carbon monoxide .
in addition to serving as an aide to councilmember kevin p .  chavous  ,  he was elected as an advisory neighborhood commissioner in anc 4c and was president of the 16th street neighborhood civic association  .
in 2004 he was awarded by the honorary artist of the republic of armenia title by the president robert kocharyan  .
people shoot the cat with a tranquilliser gun .  they load it onto a pick-up truck and drive it away from the city
alabama will practice more than clemson ,  and the ncaa is okay with it .
they may damage fences  ,  water sources  ,  and vegetation ( by overgrazing or introducing seeds of invasive plants )  .
charmin ( \/ ˈʃɑrmɨn \/ ) is a brand of toilet paper  .
he accepted a scholarship to the university of maryland  .
she gives birth to a baby .  tapirs live in south america and southeast asia .  they look like pigs ,  but they are related to horses .
they want to support human rights .  they want to show their solidarity with the world .  one hundred schoolchildren meet them in mexico .
he drives an old ford mondeo .
in 1902 he conducted wagner s götterdämmerung  .
cormier became a full-time writer after his first novel for teenagers  ,  the chocolate war  ,  became successful  .
northbound george washington parkway reopens in arlington after crash .
the monument was built to celebrate the victories of arthur wellesley  ,  1st duke of wellington  .

they should lose weight ,  exercise more ,  eat healthier food ,  avoid alcohol and salt ,  quit smoking ,  and avoid stress .
fangio went on to win three more races in 1954  ,  and won the formula one world championship  .
now  ,  using the distributive law  ,  we see that the second equality follows from the fact that 1 is a multiplicative identity  ,  that is :  .
he stands there for a few minutes .
they are `` ignorance   ,  `` brick by boring brick   ,  `` the only exception   ,  `` careful   ,  and `` playing god   .
thousands of migrants surge into slovenia in new route .
( born september 14  ,  1986 ) is a japanese j-pop singer  .
arlington man bites woman’s finger in road rage incident ,  police say .
after working at the william morris agency  ,  music corporation of america  ,  and sam jaffe talent agencies she went to work for foote  ,  cone & belding advertising agency as a secretary  .
sadly ,  the people must not eat the meat .  the town’s authorities say that it is not safe .
barbara hale ,  who played della street on ‘perry mason , ’ dies at 94 .
lee and his wife kwa geok choo were married on 30 september 1950  .
the front of his tomb in florence reads onorate laltissimo poeta - which roughly translates as `` honour the most exalted poet   .
the robot senses movement one kilometre away .
in 1809  ,  corydon was joined by road to doup s ferry  ,  15 miles ( 24 km ) to the south in mauck s port  .
he replace lucas di grassi at virgin four times for friday practice : at the singapore  ,  japanese  ,  korean and brazilian grands prix  .
histones are proteins found in eukaryotic cell nuclei  ,  which package the dna into structural units called nucleosomes  .
after the soviet capital was moved to moscow  ,  on january 26  ,  1924  ,  five days after lenin s death  ,  petrograd was renamed leningrad in his honor  .
2 girls 1 cup is the title of the trailer for hungry bitches  ,  a scat-pornographic movie produced by mfx media  .
makarova caused another upset as she knocked out nadia petrova while benešová defeated anastasia pavlyuchenkova in the final set  .
barbier met braille when he visited the national institute of the blind  .
later ,  the queen is shown a painting .
the story of the meeting was published the next year in a book which was very important and is known as the `` phelps volume   .
the story gives us the idiom to bell the cat  ,  which means to try an impossible or near-impossible task  .
paul manafort & richard gates indicted on 12 counts in russia probe .
they came to harvest trepang ( sea cucumber )  ,  turtle shell  ,  pearls and other prized items to trade in their homeland  .
in the 1920s  ,  wilhelm furtwängler  ,  erich kleiber  ,  otto klemperer  ,  alexander von zemlinsky  ,  bruno walter conducted  .
the archaeologists then concluded  ,  that probably the whole city was burned  .
2 crashes cause delays on baltimore-washington parkway .
tcs announces partnership with microsoft business solutions .
this also expanded the realm of `` just say no  to violence and premarital sex  .
it can help diabetes ,  heart disease and cancer .
yehudi menuhin  ,  baron menuhin  ,  om  ,  kbe ( born new york  ,  22 april 1916 ; died berlin 12 march 1999 ) was a violinist and conductor  .
new disclosures fall short on helping consumers .
he died in 1844  ,  and the monument was created by sculptor lorado taft in 1909  .
the movie s title comes from `` mama from the train ( a kiss  ,  a kiss )  ,   written by irving gordon and sung by patti page  .
on monday ,  people come together .  they pay their respects to the victims .
this is what trophies look like on playstation 4 .
scott was the first english-language author to have a truly international career in his lifetime  .
bacterial outbreak probably contributed to infants’ deaths at md .  hospital ,  experts say .
jadeveon clowney: ``i work just as hard as anybody .
16 americans suffered injuries while associated with u . s .  embassy in havana .
the white house’s claims about voter fraud don’t add up .
they are tourists from spain ,  france ,  the uk ,  belgium and romania .
alice claimed that she won $ 250 , 000  ,  which would now be worth over three million dollars  .
daniel craig is an actor .  he is famous .
leafcutter ants `` cut and process fresh vegetation ( leaves  ,  flowers  ,  and grasses ) to serve as nutrition for their fungal cultivars   .
alexandra glover’s tunnel vision helps paint branch edge bethesda-chevy chase .
oil slips closer to $94 a barrel after falling more than 7 percent in past month .
20-acre mixed-use development planned for northeast d . c .  .
the three pandas and the mother meet .
this café has seven moomin characters .  when you sit down ,  a waitress puts a moomin at your table .
the play of martin brodeur of the new jersey devils and dominik hasek of the buffalo sabres brought in a new era of goaltending dominance in the nhl  .
his car begins to sink .  he gets out of the car .
sir joseph banks  ,  1st baronet gcb prs ( 13 february 1743 - 19 june 1820 ) was an english naturalist  ,  botanist and patron of the natural sciences  .
,  or takanari-shinnō he was the fourth son of emperor takakura  .
bonaparte returned to europe  ,  where he died in florence  ,  italy and was buried in the les invalides building in paris  .
train operator caused doors to open on wrong side on elevated red line tracks .
several hours later randy roth came back with cynthia  .
a group does not like this .  it wants the chimps to go to a sanctuary .
he finished composing in the way that elgar might have done  ,  and the work was first performed on 2 august 2006 with andrew davis conducting the bbc symphony orchestra at the proms at royal albert hall  .
two md .  men charged with rape and kidnap of 12-year-old girl .
for example  ,  most extinct agnathans belong to the stem group ( ancestral group ) of gnathostomes  .
grayson trained as an opera singer starting at age 12  .
south florida football player shot three times in what began as a road rage incident .
the statute of westminster freed the dominions  ,  including the commonwealth  ,  from imperial laws and controls  .
these two cycles create a combined cycle that repeats every 60 years  .
evacuation sites include qualcomm stadium  ,  escondido high school  ,  poway high school  ,  mira mesa senior high school  ,  ramona high school  ,  del mar fairgrounds  .
millions of people love competitive gaming .
robin thicke has a big .  .  .  .
dice to host its first mobile hackathon .
one idea is to build homes for the animals .  the homes protect them from the predators .
all disease and suffering is traditionally believed to be caused by the spirits or by witchcraft  .
a policeman stops the man .
it is directed by j .
barrett rehired cena and faced him in a chairs match at tlc : tables  ,  ladders & chairs  .
elizabeth hay  ,  countess of erroll ( 17 january 1801 - 16 january 1856 )  ,  an illegitimate daughter of william iv and dorothy jordan  ,  married william hay on 4 december  ,  1820  ,  at the age of 19  .
only two were re-elected at the next elections  ,  one in the victorian legislative assembly  ,  and one in the victorian legislative council  .
the ‘he can’t be trusted to fairly grade [group x] students’ argument for firing professors based on their speech .
throughout rome s late republic  ,  the legions played an important political role  .
resaca confederate cemetery in resaca  ,  georgia is home to over 400 confederate soldiers who died during the american civil war  ,  also known as the war between the states  .
the cat comes to the box .
loveliest village of the plain  .  .  .   the first settlers arrived in the winter of 1836 from harris county  ,  georgia  .
two d . c .  men sentenced to 47 years for deadly 2009 shootings .
the pilot does this ,  but the engine stops .  this is a big problem .
stars pay tribute to gabriel garcia marquez .
in 1974 he was offered a position at mit by biologist salvador luria  .
d . c .  police investigate fatal shooting in northeast .
rangpur used to be the headquarter of greater rangpur district  .
( 554-628 ) was the 33rd emperor of japan  ,  according to the traditional order of succession  .
several crashes along beltway causing delays .
however ,  they cannot see their families again .  it can be hard to get back to the us if they visit their families .
in 2007 stork was selected to serve as the lead host on the doctors  ,  a los angeles-based daytime medical\/talk show  ,  produced by jay mcgraw  ,  son of dr .  phil mcgraw  ,  which debuted in september 2008  .
the song won best rap\/sung collaboration at the 47th grammy awards  .
little s team is also known for making an enclosed driver s seat to improve driver safety  ,  after driver dean chenoweth was killed in a crash during a race in 1982  .
dolphins waive tyler clutts ,  kelcie mccray .
lorraine w .  pearce ,  first white house curator ,  dies at 82 .
what sets cheletropic reactions apart is that on one of the reagents  ,  both new bonds are being made to the same atom  .
some light snow likely to coat d . c .  area early saturday morning .
in april ,  staff told customers to leave a cafe or to not use the bathroom .
the boy did not want to do this .
the fixer is on vacation .
dan haggerty ,  actor in ‘grizzly adams’ film and tv roles ,  dies at 74 .
however  ,  edmund is saved from death by the arrival of aslan  ,  and of lucy  ,  who gives edmund a few dropse of a magic cordial which can quickly heal any sickness  .
clydesdale to close 28 unsustainable branches .
many people are injured .  two people die .
a usa-china trade war may start .
in 1972  ,  the belgian cyclist eddy merckx set a record of 49 . 431 kilometres  .
the west coast is bordered by the gulf of carpentaria and the east coast by the coral sea  .
the crotalinae  ,  also known as the `` pit vipers  or `` crotaline snakes   ,  are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in asia and the americas  .
it lives in chicago .  a woman finds the cat in an alley .
in 982 geoffrey married his now widowed sister adelaide-blanche to the fifteen-year-old louis v of france  .
mobile phone and internet subscribers increase in egypt .
officials think that 10 , 000 were meeting at qualcomm  .
the lead single `` ring ding dong  was released digitally on october 14 ; the group had their comeback stage on october 16  ,  on kbs s music bank  .
donald trump seeks a sharp contrast with ben carson’s seventh-day adventist faith .
that will cause more health problems .
1-billion-year-old rocks .
if a bearded dragon is scared  ,  it will flatten its body against the ground  ,  puff out its spiky throat  ,  and open its jaws to make itself look larger  .
this mainly applies to templates  ,  which will be displayed differently in the pdf version compared to how they look in the online version of an article  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
quicksand may be escaped by slow movement of the legs in order to reduce viscosity of the fluid  ,  and rotating the body so as to float on one s back ( supine )  .
why the media can’t sympathize with trump or hillary clinton .
some people want to leave the eu .
sediments and material from landslides also covered the caldera floor  .
they could get books  ,  and ellis made good use of his time to study  .
there is a ceremony .
the enlargement of park lane and the formation of hyde park corner as a major traffic gyratory system has cut off the western stretch of piccadilly  ,  with the result that apsley house has become detached from it  .
the junior eurovision song contest 2010 was the eighth edition of junior eurovision song contest  .
he was promoted to captain in 1968  .
tottenham hotspur sack andre villas-boas after defeat to liverpool .
in 1995 she recorded `` colors of the wind   ,  which became the oscar-winner for best original song from the disney animated feature movie pocahontas  ,  which reached no .  4 on the billboard hot 100  .
nuclear plants were not built in new south wales  ,  as access to black coal allowed for bigger generators  .
kennedy spent his entire whl career with the broncos  ,  helping the team capture the 1989 memorial cup  .
where would the panthers rank among best teams ever if they win super bowl 50 ?  .
cameron meets australian premier tony abbott .
a long time ago  ,  the bugle was used in the cavalry to pass instructions from officers to soldiers during battle  .
this news is about the thai king .  he rules over thailand for 70 years .  from all the kings and queens in the world ,  he rules the longest .
a brief memorial message from martin sheen ran before `` running mates   ,  the first new episode that aired after spencer s death  .
they hit the glass with sledgehammers .
he wanders off into the hundred acre woods  ,  leading his friends to form a search party to find him  .
her dream was to be a bundesliga referee .
naperville park district scraps basketball court .
international atomic energy agency and its director general  ,  mohamed elbaradei  ,  were both awarded the nobel peace prize on 7 october 2005 for their role in trying to prevent the invasion of iraq by a us-led coalition of troops  .
blaze destroys log home .
paths wind through different habitat areas with wallabies  ,  wombats  ,  dingoes  ,  kangaroos  ,  and over 200 australian birds  .
on the punk rock scene  ,  the diy punk ethic encourages bands to self-publish and self-distribute  .
a boy is in a car crash .  he is only 16 months old .
it brings a lot of sand to that beach .  it brings the beach back .
the southwest has a climate similar to that of the mediterranean with wet winters and hot  ,  dry summers  .
in 1995 at the age of 65  ,  ho s health began to get bad  .
michigan men plead guilty .
on 21 february 1881  ,  in a note to lord grenville  ,  minister of foreign affairs of great britain at that time  ,  venezuela suggested a border line starting from a point one mile to the north of the moruka river  ,  drawn from there westward to the 60th meridian  ,  and running south along that meridian  .
the day of the skull is a celebration .  it is a traditional celebration .
maryland basketball will meet villanova in secret scrimmage on oct .  31 .
montgomery county proposes giving low-income students priority for programs .
in las vegas ,  nevada ,  people go to a marijuana dispensary .
x corps had 4 , 000 casualties during the first battle  .
damas launches diwali collection .
it made many problems for hospitals in britain .
the fourth floor exhibit is called `` glimpses of medical history   ,  with reconstructions and dioramas of the history of medicine  .
after richard s death adela secondly married baldwin v  ,  count of flanders  .
faith returned as a heroine in several other episodes of angel and in the last five episodes of buffy  .
head start is underfunded and unequal ,  according to a new study .
the observed emission had pulses separated by 1 . 33 seconds  ,  coming from the same place in the sky  .
hope for deported maryland brothers: scholarships at u . s .  university in nicaragua .
gujarat police in plain clothes instigated muzaffarnagar riots .
in 1966  ,  bly co-founded american writers against the vietnam war  .
he competed in other races  ,  most in spain  .
the women of moonlite bunny ranch were sleeping .  then an 18-wheeler plowed into the brothel .  .
house republicans claim a major victory with passage of health-care overhaul .
there is no money for food .  people must buy at the black market .
it said its just for the government to get money .
man in alleged plot to kidnap obama’s dog arrested on weapons charge .
however  ,  the term is also used to describe all high-fashion custom-fitted clothing in other ` fashion capitals  such as milan  ,  london  ,  new york  ,  tokyo and madrid  .
the brightly colored eyes of many birds  ,  reptiles and insects is caused by other pigments  ,  such as pteridines  ,  purines  ,  and carotenoids  .
he graduated from drexel university in 1949 with a degree in electrical engineering  .
robert schumann ( b .  zwickau in saxony  ,  june 8  ,  1810 ; died july 29  ,  1856 ) was a famous german composer  .
jennifer holliday coming to atlanta botanical garden .
the western allied invasion of germany was an attack on nazi germany that was done by the western allies in the final months of the european war in world war ii  .
he climbs the highest mountains on all seven continents .
gaze now coaches for the melbourne tigers  junior basketball club  .
when they are ready to reproduce  ,  the adults are released from the host  ,  and sperm from the males penetrates the bodies of the females to achieve fertilisation  .
woman taken to hospital after crashing car into road sign .
the corssing of two radials from different vor stations provides the position of the aircraft  .
on 6 december  ,  he fought against chucho castillo in inglewood  ,  california  .
in 2008  ,  about 19 % of global final energy consumption came from renewables  ,  with 13 % coming from traditional biomass  ,  which is mainly used for heating  ,  and 3 . 2 % from hydroelectricity  .
the criminal checks his pockets .  he takes the man’s money .
the company hopes that it will soon break the world record for the longest solar-powered flight .
george romero ,  ‘night of the living dead’ director ,  dies at 77 .
struve gave support of that name on december 29  ,  1846  ,  to the saint petersburg academy of sciences  .
the statute applies to employees engaged in interstate commerce or employed by a business engaged in commerce or in the production of goods for commerce  ,  unless the employer can claim an exemption from these requirements  .
the viola damore is about the same size as a modern viola  .
where the two surfaces meet  ,  the geometry will balance all forces  .
the militants kill 19 people .
in 2005 he acted in killer bash about a murdered geek s soul taking revenge on his murderer s children by taking over a girl s body  .
when it is very close ,  we can see the supermoon .
the president of the encyclopedia project was also the president of israel  ,  professor chaim weizmann  .
knicks carmelo anthony leaves with sprained ankle .
attorney general pledges to accept fbi and justice findings in clinton email probe .
a person dressed like a white domino tries to help her  ,  as do mr .  arnott  ,  mr .  gosport  ,  and mr .  belfield  .
the men put the video on the internet .
in contrast  ,  the procedures of the diet of japan have moved away from the british parliamentary model  .
limit the influence of big money .
ernest nagel disagrees with smith s definition of atheism as an `` absence of theism   ,  saying only explicit atheism is true atheism  .
chidambaram leaving for moscow to attend g20 ministerial .
the ritz hotel is in the street  ,  along with some other luxury hotels  .
musical .
anne morrow lindbergh ( née anne spencer morrow ; june 22  ,  1906 - february 7  ,  2001 ) was an american writer and aviator  .
he breaks batman s back and takes him to a foreign  ,  well-like prison where escape is impossible  .
many folk songs celebrate hall s life and actions  .
baltimore police rolling out transport vans with cameras ,  redesigned interiors .
hellenistic mercenaries were commonly paid one drachma for every day of service  ,  which was a good salary in the post-alexander ( iii ) days  .
jayceon terrell taylor ( born november 29  ,  1979 )  ,  better known by his stage name game formally `` the game   ,  is an american rapper  .
people at new smyrna beach  ,  florida said waves reached 6 to 9 feet ( 1 . 8 to 2 . 7 m )  .
as search for jacob marberger continues ,  some washington college alumni unite to support him .
the `` east  course is made of the pit straight to the first half of the dunlop curve ( turn 7 )  .
it just has red dust .
alexandria pastor and wife accused of $1 . 2 million fraud that targeted their flock .
government decides not to increase gas prices .
transforming a living space into a formal dining room .
9 million kids get health insurance under chip .  congress just let it expire .  .
good time to invest in equities: .
shares and bonds rally ,  dollar tumbles .
the biggest reason is we are living longer .
‘it will be momentous’: supreme court embarks on new term .
aue-schwarzenberg is a rural district in the free state of saxony  ,  in the country of germany  .
traditional real estate brokerage firms get hit by wave of consolidation .
it lives in alpine meadow and humid forests in the mountains  .
the lion king ii : simba s pride is a 1998 american direct-to-video animated movie and the sequel to the lion king  .
the perception of having a large penis is linked to higher self-esteem  .
in 2004  ,  the finn brothers released their second album together  ,  titled  ,  everyone is here  .
tajikistan ,  eu discuss perspectives for cooperation .
four smaller earthquakes follow .
the word volkswagen means `` people s car  in german  .
after the elephant at the jardin dacclimatation were used at the christmas table  ,  the two elephants ( castor and pollux ) at the paris  jardin zoologique were consumed on 31 december 1870 at voisin  .
pandemic of inactivity leading to premature deaths .
in her histoire de ma vie  ,  sand told how one evening she and her son maurice  ,  returning from palma  ,  majorca  ,  in a terrible rainstorm  ,  found a frantic chopin who cried  ,  `` ah  !
she sang a few dramatic roles  ,  such as salome in salome at the bavarian state opera house in munich in 1961  ,  but mostly she sang lyrical roles  .
it knows how hard you press it
jeff sessions says he plans to stay in role ,  despite trump’s comments about him .
at least three killed in fresh drone strike .
the animation courtyard is home to a number of attractions based on disney characters of yesterday  ,  today and tomorrow  .
blessed has attempted to climb mount everest three times  ,  getting to 28 , 200 feet in 1993 and 25 , 200 feet in 1996  ,  but never reaching the summit  .
the number of pidgin users is thought to be more than 3 million in 2007  .
the final corner of the dunsfold park track has been named `` gambon  in his honor  .
maryland football picks up commitments from gaddy twins .
police in london have 1 , 000 kits to help with acid attacks .
the finals ended on june 9  ,  2010 when the chicago blackhawks defeated the philadelphia flyers in six games to win the team s fourth stanley cup and their first cup since 1961  .
more than 30 injured when bus overturns in richmond .
the spatial region within which we can affect and be affected is denoted as the observable universe  .
so i thought that on the planet where the little prince lived ,  there were ,  as on all planets ,  good plants and bad plants .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
the anti-war beliefs of the wobblies led to many of them being arrested at the seattle office where louise olivereau  ,  a typist  ,  was mailing things to draftees that told them to think about becoming conscientious objectors and not enter the draft  .
on december 14  ,  2006  ,  lewinsky graduated with a masters of science degree in social psychology from the london school of economics  .
the pilgrims were told by tisquantum and hobbamock that this was a threat and an insult from the narragansett leader who was called canonicus  .
the current mayor  ,  or leader  ,  of orlando is buddy dyer  .
after that  ,  she recorded `` kanashiki kuchibue   ,  which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit  .
they talk about climate at the conference .
maryland football to hire former marshall defensive coordinator chuck heater .
a wooden stick was placed in the loop  ,  and by rotating the stick  ,  the rope was tightened until the condemned person was strangled to death  .
the newly developed nodes of navi mumbai on the south : kharghar  ,  kamothe  ,  new panvel and kalamboli are still maintained by cidco  .
sunken fireboat had a waterline crack ,  d . c .  fire department says .
later ,  the man gets trapped again .  he needs help .
this was only the second time in australian history that a prime minister had lost his own seat in parliament  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the name `` bullet train  is the english translation of the japanese word dangan ressha ( 弾丸列車 )  ,  which was the name given to the project while it was being made in the 1940s  .
clay travis used his ‘first amendment and boobs’ line long before he shocked cnn .
south korea’s turmoil could spoil trump’s north korea plan .
in september 1918  ,  the town held the people of imperial japanese army  ,  which was part of the siberian intervention  .
tp4 stays in the ground for a long time ,  so new plants cannot grow .
when the sound hits an object ,  it bounces back .  the sound moves back to you .
british who fled to china jailed for sex offences .
the bridges at each end of the station across punt road and swan street were also rebuilt to fit the ten tracks  .
bryan danielson ( born may 22  ,  1981 ) is an american professional wrestler that currently wrestles for wwe  .
in 2002 the birthday massacre released their first album  ,  nothing and nowhere  .
szilárd ignác bogdánffy was a roman catholic auxiliary bishop of satu mare and oradea of the latins  .
why the south china sea ruling matters .
it is a nice place .
the explosion injures more than 100 people .  pemex is a mexican national oil company .
atlantic city police officer injured in atv crash .
cyclones have also been on other planets outside of the earth  ,  such as mars and neptune  .
it left 2 , 500 people dead and $ 7 million dollars ( 1831 dollars ) in damage  .
polk county is a county in the u . s .  state of iowa  .
he said: its fine to wash their hands… .
by 1871  ,  it had gone through about 70 editions  ,  and had been translated into english  ,  german  ,  russian and italian  .
mrs siddons formally retired from the stage in 1812  ,  but continued to appear on special occasions  .
computer scientists develop new approach to sort cells up to 38 times faster .
baader  ,  the three women and the masked man fled through a window  ,  and the group soon became known as the baader-meinhof gang  .
percy harvin fully participates in practice for seahawks .
germany supports consequences over syria .
he was also the only man to ever convince george bernard shaw to adjust his scripts to the new medium of cinema  ,  gaining concessions from shaw that no other man could  .
should d . c .  let charter schools give an edge to children who live nearby ?  .
maryland transportation officer investigated in fatal shooting of birds in baltimore .
super furry animals launch beer .
canada is made up of ten provinces and three territories  .
musharraf should respect courts .
his father  ,  remzi zarakolu  ,  was the district governor on that island  .
how to get tech companies to act on fake news and hate speech .
this gene family is controls embryonic development in all multicellular animals ( metazoa )  .
jennifer lawrence receives apology from magazine over false story .
michael bond ,  children’s author who created paddington bear ,  dies at 91 .
the united states of america ( usa )  ,  commonly referred to as the united states ( us )  ,  america  ,  or simply the states is a country in north america  .
the 250 , 000 people living in the barbados spent the night of september 13 in shelters  .
ecuador’s leftist presidential candidate could win without a runoff .
some time later ,  he goes to hospital .  he has a stomach ache .
as severe cold sets in ,  d . c .  activates emergency plan to help homeless .
d . c .  public schools employee indicted on cocaine charges .
gambon reprised the role of albus dumbledore in harry potter and the goblet of fire  ,  which was released in november 2005 in the uk and u . s .   .
bowser has turned the mushroom kingdom into a hotel resort for the use of himself and his children  .
the government of australia advised travelers `` to exercise a high degree of caution in bahrain  due to high threat of terrorism  .
louise leakey was born in kenya in 1972  ,  the same year as her grandfather louis leakey died  .
here are his statistics with the missouri tigers : after an impressive showing at the combine  ,  gabbert was taken 10th overall by the jacksonville jaguars in the 2011 nfl draft  .
in the last moments of his life  ,  toa matoro used the mask s power to teleport the toa mahri back to metru nui and allow them to breathe air again  .
with region’s transportation options ,  must every apartment have parking space ?  .
they say that paper is enough .
one of the vikings says that the team wants to share the land .
in 1934  ,  he was made secretary of the apostolic delegation to japan  .
it includes the former cities of urawa  ,  ōmiya  ,  yono and iwatsuki  .
city of tulsa cracks down on residents parking on the grass .
an eight-minute television pilot was released with eleventh manga volume  ,  as a preview for the anime to be released in late 2011  .
after finishing a europen tour from october to november 2009 and an australian tour in january and february 2010  ,  rise against will start working on a new album  .
charon is a moon of the dwarf planet pluto  .
the show follows local politician mel burke ( melissa joan hart ) and joe longo ( joey lawrence )  .
banksy paints a picture on the wall of a school .
they also want to show them to tourists
`` sn  stands for nucleophilic substitution and the `` 1  represents the fact that the rate-determining step involves only one molecule ( unimolecular )  .
guede had told officials that kercher was fully dressed when she was stabbed  ,  and he left her with the bed quilt and pillow on her bed  .
man shot to death outside miami home .
he is 53 years old .  a security camera films the incident .
brick lane is a street in the london borough of tower hamlets  ,  in the east end of london  .
there is something which can help them .
one boy has a different costume every year .
this happens 10 years ago .  a man kidnaps a woman .
for example  ,  feral species that are usually subjects of eradication in certain habitats could become the subject of study to determine if there is a need for their preservation  .
donald trump wants $5 million for a debate appearance .  that’s ridiculous .  .
the fore wing and hind wing have a row of submarginal black spots and black median lines running across the wings  .
woman dies after mobility scooter collides with car .
the term `` eusocial  was introduced in 1966 by suzanne batra  .
you can see them very well .
north korea could be preparing for another nuclear test ,  south korea’s park warns .
luc tuymans ( born 1958 ) is an artist who lives and works in antwerp  ,  belgium  .
she cannot use her hands to draw .
roberto de vicenzo ,  golfer who lost 1968 masters on scoring error ,  dies at 94 .
it does not stop visitors from sticking their noses into it .
hyattsville will allow non-u . s .  citizens to vote in city elections .
such a condition is unknown for other theropods  ,  including birds  ,  but a similar set-up occurred in three-toed horses ( like mesohippus )  .
ted cruz fundraising pitch: ‘obama wants your guns’ .
the florida scrub jay has been thought to be threatened for many years  ,  because the species is territorial and can not move to better grounds when its habitat is in danger  .
extensive correspondence exists between müller and darwin  ,  and müller also corresponded with alexander agassiz  ,  ernst krause  ,  and ernst haeckel  .
this means parents do not have to stress if their children do not eat vegetables .
‘brawl in cell block 99’: genre-movie mash-up takes itself a wee bit too seriously .
part of south dakota avenue in northeast washington closed .
it is midnight .  a man comes to the cinema .
eight years later  ,  president william howard taft expanded the west wing and created the first oval office  .
it is later mentioned that tauriel is a talented warrior and for this reason  ,  was made leader of the mirkwood border guards  .
boris quickly weakened to a depression and turned southwestward in response to a building ridge to its north  .
one mirror will be in the center and the other six arranged symmetrically around the center  .
the constellation is best seen in the summer as it is along the milky way  .
queensland increasingly unlikely to sign up to gonski .
killing the lion is illegal .  the american is in trouble .
mayor foster endorses robert garcia .
the people who graduated were transferred directly to american schools as juniors upon graduation  .
the name ` phytosaur  means ` plant reptile  : the first fossils of phytosaurs were mistakenly thought to belong to plant eaters  .
the polydnavirus  ,  like all viruses  ,  need a host to replicate itself  .
juventus grind out victory .
they have plastic on them .  right now ,  britain can recycle only one per cent of cups
it is connected to the mainland by the wayne county bridge and the grosse ile toll bridge  .
a series of fires in the 1860s and 1870s burned down the downtown area  .
the town is in syria .  after this ,  the jet crashes .
people who text and walk are called phone zombies .
they kill other people .  they take their homes .
about 30 per cent of people did this .
in the middle ages  ,  kite shields were commonly used  .
there was the rise of protestantism  ,  the policies of the habsburg empire  ,  and other factors resulted in the dutch revolt and the eighty years  war  .
consider the following points:appropriate use of english .
similar to many first-person shooter games  ,  nukem encounters a large number of weaker enemies  ,  and a small number of boss enemies ( extremely powerful )  .
smtp ,  inc .  announces closing of public offering of common stock .
dwayne allen seeks second opinion on foot injury .
sa bank robber trapped on roof .
these supply the strong magnetic fields perpendicular to the beam which are needed to convert the high-energy electron energy into light or some other form of electronmagnetic radiation  .
authorities: man with slingshot arrested at white house .
two firefighters wanted sandwiches .  they saved people from carbon monoxide poisoning instead .  .
he was injured in a motor vehicle accident in scotland on july 1  ,  1969  ,  and was hospitalized there until july 6  .
while in portland  ,  oregon  ,  for the 2005 u . s .  national championships  ,  she and her family were in a car accident that killed her mother  .
some of the ernestine duchies stayed independent until 1918  .
two men shot along h street corridor in northeast .
its neck and its head run through the doorway into another room .
aside from it  ,  the engine was released on july 17  ,  2001  .
ufc 208’s holly holm and germaine de randamie can’t figure out how to shake hands .
a spokesperson was proud of the carrier .
it is special .  there is a roller coaster inside it .
ramadan ends with eid-al fitr .
because falls village is the town center in canaan  ,  the entire town is often called `` falls village  .
secret service: driver of suspicious-looking car detained at checkpoint near white house .
the trip raises money for charity
this news is from eastern china .
d . c .  police seek help identifying young girl found alone in columbia heights .
he did many miracles ,  so the christian church made him the saint of children .
13 canadian officials ,  public figures banned from entering russia .
it was the porsche carrera gt .
during the match  ,  after undertaker executed a tombstone piledriver  ,  henry came out attacked undertaker  ,  causing the match the end via disqualification  .
the number of vertices ( points ) of a hypercube is 2n ( a cube has 23 vertices  ,  for instance )  .
an oligarchy does not have to be hereditary or passed down from father to son  .
the water floods a petrol station .
a station inspector caught her .
former u . s .  gymnast alleges sexual ,  emotional abuse in lawsuit .
belmont married caroline slidell perry  ,  the daughter of matthew calbraith perry  ,  on 7 november 1849  .
us ship: this is the captain of a us ship .
it was created in 2004 and is named after neville bonner  ,  the first indigenous australian elected to the parliament of australia  .
juan martin del potro beats rafael nadal at shanghai masters .
matthew boulton frs ( 3 september 1728 - 17 august 1809 ) was an english manufacturer and the business partner of scottish engineer james watt  .
when he got back to israel  ,  the government said that he was guilty of trying to cause violence and supporting a terrorist organization  ,  as defined by israel s prevention of terror ordinance  .
it means faithful .  it is a central asian shepherd dog
the main chain of the alps follows the watershed from the mediterranean sea to the wienerwald  ,  defining the northern border of italy  .
the prime minister and the cabinet are responsible to the parliament  ,  of which they must be members  .
capaldi was born in glasgow to an irish mother and italian father  .
the division of hughes is an australian electoral division in new south wales  .
that is great news .
the remains of a late norman period castle known as penstowe castle are 500 metres west of the village  .
man stabbed at a cambridge park .
he is now has to serve 10 years probation  ,  perform 200 hours of community service  ,  pay a $ 10 , 000 fine  ,  and register with the connecticut sex offender registry  .
it was then transferred to the atlas v following concerns over the spacecraft s aerodynamic properties during launch  .
former ‘apprentice’ contestant accuses trump of groping her during job meeting .
soundgarden was formed in 1984 by chris cornell ( drums and vocals ) and hiro yamamoto ( bass ) ; they were later joined by kim thayil ( guitar )  .
there was the largest fireworks display ever in singapore .
william and mary were crowned together at westminster abbey on 11 april 1689  .
is a japanese prefecture in the chūgoku region of the island of honshu  .
the puzzles are designed to suggest more connections than actually exist  .
les whitten ,  investigative reporter arrested by fbi and spied on by cia ,  dies at 89 .
the panels are between 1 , 300 and 1 , 400 years old .
a man gets out from the first car .  he comes to the second car .
hillsdale homeowner confronts burglar .
thirty-five people come to help them .
hoque graduated from bangladesh university of engineering and technology  ,  trained as a civil engineer  .
sunshine skyway bridge is open .
kenny miller ( born 23 december 1979 ) is a scottish football player  .
eliza orlins and ami cusack were chosen from this season to return for survivor : micronesia as members of the favorites tribe  ,  where they placed 10th and 11th  .
hülkenberg will be joined by esteban gutiérrez  ,  who had previously served as sauber s testing and reserve driver in 2011 and 2012 whilst campaigning in the gp2 series  .
this news is about bb king .  he was the king of blues .  he played the guitar .
sorai was a supporter of the samurai class  .
thames water not to pay corporation tax for a decade .
problem gambling is often associated with increased suicidal ideation and attempts compared to the general population  .
lorre played the role of joel cairo in the movie the maltese falcon ( 1941 ) and played the role of `` ugarte  in the movie casablanca ( 1942 )  .
one early document discussing hafez  life is the preface of his divān  ,  which was written by an unknown contemporary of hafez whose name may have been moḥammad golandām  .
between 1975 and 1989 he was music director of the orchestre de paris  ,  where he conducted a lot of music by 20th century composers  .
this would make it an assembly line production  ,  with specific parts manufactured and assembled after being fired  ,  as opposed to crafting one solid piece and subsequently firing it  .
suzanne farrell ballet to disband in 2017 .
he brings presents to good children on christmas eve .
meet the carlyle group’s $174 billion man .
she also hopes that people will be happier and forget about the bad pollution in the air
a passenger found a strange clock .
in 1972 hathaway was the successful democratic nominee for the u . s .  senate seat held by margaret chase smith  .
quentin young ,  chicago doctor and social activist ,  dies at 92 .
some chinese people use tiger body parts as medicine .
tristan da cunha is an island .
there are fewer swans now than in the past .
the doctors of the world charity is selling christmas cards .
found in the lower shaximiao formation  ,  huayangosaurus shared the local landscape with the sauropods shunosaurus  ,  datousaurus  ,  omeisaurus and protognathosaurus  ,  the ornithopod xiaosaurus and the carnivorous gasosaurus  .
instead of returning to berlin  ,  however  ,  he was forced to stay in küstrin and began learning statecraft and administration for the war and estates departments on 20 november  .
on the january 9  ,  2012 episode of raw  ,  eve agreed to a date with ryder beginning a storyline relationship  .
government strips 104 foreigners of kenyan citizenship .
in november 1939 they made the 13 . 5 million formerly polish citizens become citizens of the soviet union  .
at his funeral thousands of people went out on the streets of his home town to honor him  .
this included predatory marine reptiles such as plesiosaurs  ,  and mosasaurs that grew up to 18 meters long  .
the winner of the power of veto can remove one of the nominees from the block  .
the band now tours with john hiatt  .
austria-hungary took bosnia officially in 1908  ,  causing the major european crisis  .
navy seal killed in iraq after islamic state punches through front line .
the airport is owned and operated by the capital region airport authority  .
so  ,  the h-field is like the electric field e which starts at a positive electric charge and ends at a negative electric charge  .
however  ,  this does not happen in computer hardware because of memory latency and other aspects of the architecture  .
the video is good .  police know one man’s face .  the gang destroys six machines .
the track held a re-opening day on 12 april 2009  .
ups is a delivery company .  it works on a project in rwanda .
frédéric chopin s fantaisie-impromptu in c-sharp minor is a solo piano composition  .
eastside medical center offering mammograms at special rate .
permeke went to school in bruges from 1903 until 1906  .
charles felix ( carlo felice giuseppe maria ; 6 april 1765 - 27 april 1831 ) was born a prince of savoy and was later the last mainline savoyard monarch of sardinia  .
people have been using metals for many purposes since prehistoric times  .
man about to enter maryland hospital flees .
how a dubious russian document influenced the fbi’s handling of the clinton probe .
she grew up in the company of her sisters at the château de blois  .
one is why fifa is doing so little about workers in qatar .  more than 1 , 200 workers have died to make the qatar 2022 world cup .
people find him the next day
he studied at the royal college of music  ,  king s college  ,  cambridge where he was organ scholar  ,  and in rome with franco ferrara  .
there are problems ,  too .  an election official is killed .
is vladimir putin a judo fraud ?  .
mexico could legalize marijuana in five years: .
he stands on a big ball .
yes ,  keystone xl activists deserve to be criticized .
any person s actual position in the line of succession may change when people are born or when they die  .
this giant shark reached a length of more than 16 metres ( 52 ft )  .
a technology team in the uk makes the robotic hand .
levon ter-petrosyan ( armenian : լևոն տեր-պետրոսյան ; russian : левон тер-петросян ) ( born january 9  ,  1945 )  ,  also levon ter-petrosyan  ,  was the president of armenia from 1991 to 1998  .
activist huwaida arraf reported that once on board the challenger one  ,  israeli troops seized all communication equipment  ,  cameras  ,  mobile phones  ,  radios and memory cards from activists  .
she must go to hospital .
the household income in the united states is a measure of current private income commonly used by the united states government and private institutions  .
the song `` maggot brain  was played at his funeral  .
many groups have criticised circuses .
these include a writers guild of america award nomination and a golden globe award nomination for `` best television series drama   .
there are several bed and breakfast places on main street in historic greek revival homes  .
diesel shortage expected to end today .
also nearby are several bed and breakfast inns  ,  hotels  ,  restaurants  ,  banks  ,  antiques stores and specialty shops  .
the antibiotics vancomycin and cefotaxime are recommended for bacterial infections  .
crushed ice is also used when it needs to be made fast  ,  because the speed of cooling depends on the amount and average radius of the ice particles  .
nelson used an analog tape to record most of the tracks in the album  .
trump’s rollback of improved relations with cuba helps no one .
rodriguez suspended ,  can play while he appeals .
then they take the money that is inside .
trump and the media: how unusual is the president’s treatment of the press ?  .
d . c .  police say virginia man is charged in 2015 sw slaying .
heather menzies-urich ,  actress in ‘the sound of music , ’ dies at 68 .
the `` black truffle  or `` black périgord truffle  ( tuber melanosporum ) is named after the périgord region in france and grows only with oak  .
he was the father of actresses jamie lee curtis and kelly curtis  .
they like their presents .
senna s car was completed in time for him to complete three installation ( first test lap ) laps in the first free practice session  .
the cowpox ( catpox ) virus is found in europe and mainly in the uk  .
but when speaking in english of the `` household cavalry   ,  the term generally refers to the `` british household cavalry   .
large parts of the island are flooded during the wet season because of higher water levels of the amazon river  .
some order systems are persons given government by bodies other than international paralympic committee alpine skiing  ,  such as the special olympics  .
mugabe announces new cabinet .
before the 1899 season  ,  frank robison  ,  the owner of the spiders  ,  bought the st .  louis browns  ,  thus owning two clubs at the same time  .
in 1817 he drew a remarkable geological vertical section from snowdon to london  .
snowden travelled to india before 2011: report .
in 1873 mine owners tried to bring in saturday afternoon and sunday work  .
calvin chen represents spring  ,  warmth ; jiro wang represents summer  ,  hot ; wu zun represents autumn  ,  cool ; and aaron yan represents winter  ,  cold  .
supreme court says north carolina does not have to immediately redraw congressional maps that a lower court ruled unconstitutional .
the phagocytic cells of the immune system include macrophages )  ,  neutrophils  ,  and dendritic cells  .
nagar khas is the main town and the capital of the former state of nagar  .
the rocket explodes .  this happens when it is still close to the ground .
his father played the garmon and accordion  .
we already help many students .
he said it was too easy for terrorists to move around europe .
construction of the first section of the tokaido shinkansen between tokyo and osaka started in 1959  .
cardinals’ carson palmer fined $11 , 576 for pelvis-thrusting celebration .
the student is at the enclosure of a white tiger .  he jumps over the fence .
the holder of the contract is guaranteed a wwe  ,  world heavyweight  ,  or ecw championship match at anytime of their choosing  .
boreanaz s only starring role in a major theatrical movie was in 2001 s slasher horror movie  ,  valentine  .
they want to take him out .  it is not easy .
today  ,  it is a famous russian composition school whose graduates have included great composers such as pyotr tchaikovsky  ,  sergei prokofiev and dmitri shostakovich  .
after a year ,  it comes out .
one problem is privacy .  there are breaches in privacy .
man sentenced to 30 years in prison for manslaughter .
sometimes scones may have raisins  ,  currants  ,  cheese  ,  or dates in them  .
sig joins the bmf .
he also worked on velocity and heat shows while touring as the full time raw live event announcer  .
during this time  ,  newport and his crew wasted much time loading their ships with iron pyrite ( fool s gold )  .
however  ,  the number of known sites is much larger and more widely spread  .
his last start of the year came at darlington raceway  ,  when he started his first busch series race  .
police ,  firefighters searching potomac after person spotted near key bridge sunday night .
in 2009  ,  when she was 94  ,  she worked on a short movie called numbers up  .
callers were passed on to people who tried to sell them property .
henry prize stories is a book that is published each year with that year s twenty best stories from magazines in u . s .  and canadian  ,  written in english  .
at the same time  ,  many new types of stone tools began to be produced  .
by the 1980s  ,  groups had existence for skiers with cerebral palsy  .
he studied architecture and urban and regional planning from the university of florida and got a masters degree  .
on may 9  ,  2006 azerbaijan was elected to membership in the newly made human rights council by the united nations general assembly  .
the train must slam on its brakes .  there is a camera on the train .
it is on the east bank of the nile and is a busy market and tourist center  .
larry the cable guy jokes about obamacare on fox news .
after a short while  ,  lee kerslake joined the band  ,  which was at the time called the blizzard of ozz  .
washington man killed after early-morning car crash in northeast .
he says that the police are not telling the truth .  china contacts the french embassy .
hints from heloise: conditioned to save .
wife of florida nightclub shooter detained pending psychiatric evaluation .
in 1996 ,  he started his political party .
all eyes on brooks orpik after defenseman forced from game 3 .
galileo galilei found what came to be known as the galilean moons around december 1609 or january 1610  .
katrina cottages are small houses designed and marketed in the united states in the wake of hurricane katrina ( august 2005 )  .
a uk politician blocked a law on upskirting .
it is one of the constitutionally-recognised official languages of sri lanka  ,  along with tamil  .
commonwealth must not be judgmental: .
for many years  ,  the neighborhood was an industrial district the area was formerly home to a large commercial and adult-entertainment district  ,  which has now been displaced  .
his work keeps him busy .
luke campbell to take break .
how to make spectacular (and vegan) chocolate truffles from just a few ingredients .
britain to halve taxes on shale gas production .
sandy wayne robson ( born november 6  ,  1973 in peterborough  ,  ontario ) is a canadian actor  .
a researcher said bullying is not a harmless part of growing up .
the highlight of the prison  ,  from the inmates  point of view  ,  was the garden  .
michaels explained that there was `` chemistry  ( connection ) between fey and fallon  .
he was the son of zelfa hourani and author randal keynes  .
constantine had invited all 1800 bishops of the christian church ( about 1000 in the east and 800 in the west )  ,  but only 250 to 320 bishops actually participated  .
there are currently no subspecies found  .
in 2004  ,  barcelona there was the first universal forum of cultures : barcelona 2004  ,  which lasted 141 days and established the event as the major global gathering for arts  ,  culture and dialogues  .
this batmobile will be in a new movie .  the movie is called batman v superman .
‘barbarians’: report reveals racist texts sent from san francisco police officer .
photos of naked female marines reportedly shared on secret facebook page .
this news is about a man .
solar power plant is based on the conversion of sunlight into electricity  ,  either directly using photovoltaics ( pv )  ,  or indirectly using concentrated solar power ( csp )  .
air and space museum’s makeover estimated at $1 billion .
the farmer is in a feed truck .
in brooklyn  ,  new york  ,  the annual sakura matsuri cherry blossom festival takes place in may at brooklyn botanic garden  .
russian mercenaries said to be killed by u . s .  airstrike in syria .
his wife was ruth fowler edwards  ,  the granddaughter of physicist ernest rutherford and daughter of physicist ralph fowler  .
he wants to run for president in 2018 again
purification makes the language similar to a version of the language that people think is more pure  .
he and alan had been raiding back and forth but finally a peace was negotiated between them by archbishop robert  ,  their mutual uncle  .
in golf  ,  a golfer plays a number of holes in a given order  .
it walks down a footpath .
the reason for this is because the call-pocket rule-the rule discussed earlier requiring the player to call the ball they intend to pocket-includes the break shot  .
children play it in school .  doctors worry about the sport for children .  rugby has tackling .
namibia has a population of 2 . 1 million people  .
she later began her performing career on broadway using the stage name diane belmont  .
burns  1894 batting average (  . 355 ) was the highest of his career  .
kim kardashian reveals wedding to kanye west will be ``small and intimate .
campbell is the daughter of jamaican-born dancer valerie morris  .
in 1983  ,  she became the first woman to win a daytime emmy award for outstanding game show host  .
it won a top photography prize .
he also says that his wife knows about the murders
it may have markings or may not have markings  .
two candidates face no competition in races for arlington school board .
the frogs will go there soon
a section of road used by the protesters has been dubbed the golden mile by gardaí because of the overtime opportunities  .
espn shuts down grantland months after parting ways with bill simmons .
generosity and common sense .
trump’s claim that ‘no administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days’ .
this is news is about an accident .
when the patents lost effect in 1732  ,  other mills were built in stockport and macclesfield  .
it was like human spoken language .  this shows that dolphins are very clever .
harrowing is often carried out on fields to follow the rough surface left by plowing  .
in latest outburst ,  north korea’s kim orders nuclear weapons at the ready .
the government wanted the army to resist at the grebbe line and peel raam position  ,  and then fall back to the fortress holland  .
countdown to ufc 163 premieres tonight on fuel tv .
they returned to australia for the australian music awards at the end of the year  ,  and won the best indigenous album award for human love  .
man’s fault means that the whale is dead because of people .
it was through rostal that they met cellist martin lovett  ,  and in 1947 they formed the brainin quartet  ,  which was renamed the amadeus quartet in 1948  .
it was a phenomenon which emphasized the young  ,  the new and the modern  .
egyptian court orders release of mubarak .
putin suppressed the chechen rebellion violently  ,  but sporadic violence still occurs in the northern caucasus  .
petra goes boomba .
gregory may  ,  political officer at the u . s .  embassy  ,  and nicholas weeks  ,  first secretary of the swedish embassy were among the diplomats who waited outside  .
focused broad scots is at one end of a scale  ,  with scottish standard english at the other  .
gasoline prices in utah have risen 7 . 3 cents per gallon .
vonnegut said later  ,  `` there were too many corpses to bury  .
lindsay dee lohan ( born july 2  ,  1986 ) is an american actress and singer  .
for example  ,  in 1893 he invented the pêche melba ( peach melba ) in honor of the australian singer dame nellie melba  .
the presence of water alters the characteristics of a volcanic eruption  .
a karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryote cell  .
the grigna massif is in mandello s territory  .
it will sell fresh fruit and vegetables next year .
the best-selling fifa video game now has womens teams .
in this way  ,  several great writers of chinese composition of that time were followers of his school  .
widdecombe is the daughter of a ministry of defense civil servant james murray widdecombe and rita n plummer  .
the capital of brandenburg is potsdam  .
why melissa de la cruz’s immigration story matters now .
baird did lots of work for the field of electronic television after mechanical systems stopped being used  .
verónica promoted organizations for which she advocates  ,  the uso and unicef  ,  and brought them to the bell ringing ceremony  .
fifa’s president reacts .
57% for male doctors .
he was the grandson of the opera composer richard wagner and great-grandson of the composer franz liszt  .
palestinian ,  israeli negotiators to meet in effort to extend peace talks .
some schools in england banned mobile phones and test scores went up by 6% .
radpad raises $1 million seed round .
clinton to paint trump as reckless and misguided in economy speech .
for drivers with multiple citizenships  ,  the driver chooses which country to drive for  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
twenty-four other children are injured in the accident ,  too .
he was famous for singing the part of basilio in mozart s the marriage of figaro  ,  the astrologer in rimsky-korsakov s the golden cockerel  ,  and sellem in stravinsky s the rake s progress  .
blazars are among the most energetic phenomena in the universe and are an important topic in astronomy  .
it is usually drunk with friends and served in a hollow calabash gourd with a `` bombilla   ,  a special metallic drinking straw  .
military judge declines to dismiss sexual assault charges against army general .
but the western allies remained the ultimate political authorities there  .
episodes were written by a team of writers  ,  in which worked aaron ehasz  ,  elizabeth welch ehasz  ,  tim hedrick  ,  john obryan ; with creators dimartino and konietzko  .
in that respect  ,  thalassemia resembles another genetic disorder affecting hemoglobin  ,  sickle-cell disease  .
farmstand owners invited to free marketing workshop .
pollution is the worlds biggest killer .
harold mitchell predicts carat on top in 2014 .
before working with klement  ,  laurin was a bicycle maker in the town of turnov  .
concepción was founded by pedro de valdivia in 1550 north of the bío-bío river  ,  at the site which is today known as penco  .
for some musical styles  ,  such as jazz and ragtime  ,  syncopation is an essential part of their character  .
lisa joling  ,  a dance teacher at marshfield high school in wisconsin  ,  was fired in august for using the song in her team s performance after complaints  .
professor to speak on pope francis .
rome is famous .  people know it for its history and culture .
portuguese court orders former cia officer extradited to italy .
viewing his defeat as a loss of support fitzgerald headed to áras an uachtaráin to ask the president  ,  patrick hillery  ,  to dissolve the dáil and call a general election  .
this was on june 2nd .  italians celebrate june 2nd as the republic day .
the series ran from 1986 to 1991  ,  and was produced by columbia pictures television ( now sony pictures television )  ,  dic entertainment and coca-cola  .
sanders abruptly pulls internet ad saying clinton is being funded by ‘big money interests’ .
in the panic of 1837  ,  hundreds of american businesses  ,  including the rothschild s american agents  ,  went bankrupt  .
the attacking force would consist of 5 , 000 canadians  ,  1 , 000 british troops  ,  and 50 united states rangers  .
a russian satellite takes pictures .
titania is the biggest moon of uranus and the eighth biggest moon in the solar system  .
afghan forces kill four militants .
previewing the new orleans saints’ explosive offense .
it is the clear transparent section of the eye which that covers the iris  ,  pupil  ,  and the eye chamber  .
their relationship apparently began in new york  ,  but the princess did not meet the prince s parents  ,  queen beatrix and prince claus  ,  for some time  .
federal judge: recording cops isn’t necessarily protected by the first amendment .
other religions are protestants ( including evangelicals )  ,  islam  ,  and iglesia ni cristo  ,  members church of god international  ,  jesus is lord  ,  pentecostal missionary church of christ  ,  and jesus miracle crusade  .
globalfoundries to host open house nov .  11 .
this holiday comes from an old religion .  now ,  maslenitsa is a festival and national holiday .
they were the parents of the french pretender henri dartois  ,  count of chambord and the duchess of parma making maria clementina an ancestress of the present duke of calabria and his rival the duke of castro  .
he is also working on the design of a supernova\/acceleration probe ( snap )  ,  a satellite which is to measure dark energy  .
someone who plays a timpani is called a `` timpanist   .
one time  ,  it says he is a `` great prince who stands up for the children of your people   .
they have problems with jobs and relationships .
for me corn is not useful .
the talent as a unit of coinage is mentioned in the new testament in jesus s parable of the talents  ,  but it is not clear exactly what quantity of money is implied ; the important point in the parable is that even one talent was a very large sum  .
the capital was moved to spanish town  ,  then called saint jago de la vega  ,  in the south around 1534  .
he said an online chat box for mental health services would be better .
it was decided to carry out practical training in flight to phoenix in u . s . a because the weather in arizona allows flights 365 days per year in a high and complex air traffic  .
when people send requests who is able to teach me to cope with my essays ?  ,  they hope to improve the writing competence .
`` u got it bad  is a song by american singer usher  .
the voices for the 2006 return of the cybermen were provided by nicholas briggs ( who performed the voices for the cybermen in big finish audio stories as well as the daleks in both the new series and the audio stories )  .
jesse matthew’s family pleaded with him to help locate hannah graham .
the policeman asks people for help .
her parents are on maternity and paternity leave .
p117 cattle were the most important livestock ; livestock were taxed ; the size of a herd reflected the prestige and importance of the estate or temple which owned them  .
people talk about him .  they say that he made people laugh .
oregano is high in antioxidant activity  ,  because of a high content of phenolic acids and flavonoids ( pmid 16218659  ,  pmid 12730411 )  .
toyotas profit last year was $23 billion .
male nurse charged with inappropriately touching patient at virginia hospital .
google officially introduces android 4 . 3 .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
due to all these contributing factors  ,  the st .  vincent parrot is considered vulnerable on the iucn red list of threatened species  .
this episode  ,  along with three other episodes of the show  ,  is featured on the simpsons gone wild dvd released in 2004  .
she then worked at the university of alberta  ,  university of chicago  ,  and the university of heidelberg  ,  where she did her habilitation in human genetics  .
there are floods in the balkans .  the government evacuates more than 25 , 000 people .
the complete index of 7 million cards is on loan from the icrc to the international red cross and red crescent museum in geneva  .
roger joseph ebert ( june 18  ,  1942 - april 4  ,  2013 ) was an american movie critic  .
they are just 20 centimetres tall .  these animals are called warthogs because they have warts .
animals rarely move between the continents .
he or she is the same as an executive officer in the united states army  .
a new professional hockey league  ,  the world hockey association  ,  made its season debut with 12 new teams  ,  many of which were based in the same cities as nhl teams  .
appeal to reason is rise against s highest charting album  ,  getting to number three on the billboard 200 chart and selling 64 , 700 copies in its first week of release  .
these three stations are important placces for commuters  ,  locals  ,  students and tourists who travel to the orchard road shopping and business district  .
he said he was the president of this movement  ,  and balbir singh sandhu was its secretary general  .
land and rocks fall down a hill .  this is called a landslide .
the principality of hutt river is situated 517 kilometres ( 321 mi ) north of perth along the hutt river  .
the city is famous for the festival .
but political factions are not limited to political parties ; they can form within any group that has some sort of political aim or purpose  .
the nazi leaders could hide in them .  this was at the end of world war ii .
many years later ,  the girl grows into an old woman .
helen flanagan to have own reality show ?  .
in 2003  ,  500 colones coins were made  .
the volunteers also take the kangaroos to schools .
republicans may not want trump to end obamacare payments .
judging ordinary meaning with corpus linguistics .
favre started at the quarterback position for the university of southern mississippi for four solid years  .
and in four years  ,  high school will be over and all of that crap wo nt ( will not ) matter anyway  .
the english wikipedia is the english language edition of the wikipedia encyclopedia  .
this starts on may 23 and ends with the u .
another mayoral candidate stands nearby .  he turns his back on khan .  he protests the speech .
tarek el moussas bachelor pad is costing him $15k a month .
al-qaeda has done suicide attacks and simultaneous bombings of different targets  .
in the end  ,  she won the silver medal totalling 190 . 79 points  .
at 5:00 pm edt ( 2100 utc )  ,  the nhc gave out its last advisory on tropical depression one  .
mcnair set career records for the football championship series with 14 , 496 passing yards  .
they must stop these things
ninety per cent of them are women .
on 15 december 2011  ,  it was said that gillan and arthur darvill ( rory williams ) would only be on the early part of seventh series  ,  in 2012  .
man enters plea in fatal hit and run case .
french union forces included colonial troops from the whole former empire ( moroccan  ,  algerian  ,  tunisian  ,  laotian  ,  cambodian  ,  vietnamese and vietnamese ethnic minorities )  ,  french professional troops and units of the french foreign legion  .
when peña left the clinton administration  ,  he returned to denver and joined investment firm vestar capital partners in august 1998  ,  as senior advisor  .
this event has presented a challenge to ensure that other environmental concerns are addressed quickly  .
researchers develop personalized tool to predict likelihood of prostate cancer overdiagnosis .
a pragmatist in partisan times: ralph northam becomes virginia’s 73rd governor .
unaipon s portrait is featured on the australian $ 50 bank note in commemoration  .
p51 ali s troops made headway into sudan in 1821  ,  but met with fierce resistance  .
the boundary between lewis and harris is formed by a line with loch resort on the west and loch seaforth on the east  .
r5 thrills their young fans at queen elizabeth theatre .
also in 2008  ,  whitesnake went on a european tour with fellow yorkshire rock band def leppard  .
un inspector says team to return to syria within weeks .
boats and sledges were usually preferable to the unpaved and frequently mud-bound roads of the time  .
alexandria’s del ray neighborhood comes together after a terrible day of violence .
some are cylinders with pineapple skins .
bulgaria should not allow sanctions against russia: .
people are sad .  they think that they cannot help the dog .
lemonade is a drink made with water  ,  lemons or lemon juice  ,  and sugar  .
the various historically driven changes have had a very significant influence on the architectural space of the city  .
shay mitchells mermaid-inspired nails -- .
he played for rapid in the 1996 uefa cup winners cup final against paris st germain in brussels  ,  which rapid lost  .
the team has a smaller version of it .
she went to school at the pennsylvania academy of the fine arts and the pennsylvania museum of industrial art  .
the earliest of his writings was abbildungen der schwämme ( illustrations of the fungi )  .
he had had a new pacemaker installed on september 16  ,  2006  ,  but still died in waikīkī from heart failure on april 14  ,  2007  .
police and robbery suspects exchange gunfire .
people call for emergency services 4 , 500 times .
the house of lords is one of the two houses of parliament of the united kingdom ( uk )  .
miami hurricanes release pre-camp depth chart .
ame bishops sound a battle cry against the trump administration .
not to be confused with dundee united f . c .  dundee football club  ,  founded in 1893  ,  are a football team based in the city of dundee  ,  scotland  .
she visits a dolphin encounter .  she drops her phone in the water .  a dolphin finds the phone .
the first stage of the saturn v  ,  s-ic  ,  the third stage  ,  s-ivb  ,  and the instrument unit computer  ,  arrived by boat on march 13  ,  1967  .
ahmed chalabi ,  iraqi exile who helped spur u . s .  invasion ,  dies of heart attack .
some feel the other way-that diet soda has no aftertaste and that soda sweetened by high fructose corn syrup has a gritty  ,  over-sweet aftertaste  .
someone killed him with an arrow .  it hit him in the head .
notable galaxy clusters in the distant  ,  high-redshift universe include spt-cl j0546-5345  ,  the most massive galaxy cluster ever found in the early universe  .
north korea says that the usa is an enemy .
her father is in the picture too ,  but she does not recognise him
justin bieber spends $250 on snacks .
sensitization programme held .
it is mainly used for scenic tourist flights  ,  private aircraft and flight training  .
people can sell you things .  then drones will come to you to bring them
we will download ideas for furniture or food and then print it on our 3d printer .
homeland security plans new level to terror advisory system .
this news is from the usa .  a man works at a centre .
this competition is over 100 years old .
a professor said birds have changed to lay eggs that have different shapes - from a round owls egg to a pointy sandpiper egg .
it was released on august 18  ,  2009 through fearless records in the united states and canada  .
for the first time ,  a d . c .  charter school has voted to create a teachers union .
this happens in 2012 .  people are in a cinema .
woods was born in tasmania in 1849 into an irish family with fourteen other children  ,  seven boys and seven girls  .
the crew told passengers the plane had a technical problem .
what we eat has bigger consequences for the planet than we ever thought .
joseph mallord william turner ( covent garden  ,  london  ,  23 april 1775 - chelsea  ,  london  ,  19 december 1851 ) was an english painter and artist  .
will chang sells his share in d . c .  united to majority investors .
first aired june 28  ,  2010 the women must write their a resumes for a job interview  ,  though gia refuses both  .
juliette ferrington introduced the first program - commentary of a manchester united against sunderland football match  .
the most ancient and most noble order of the thistle is an order of chivalry  ,  associated with scotland  .
donald trump jokes that it’s okay for his supporters to commit voter fraud .
margaret is old now .  her doctor tells her to stop working ,  so she does
why some advocates are trying to push caregiving onto the 2016 presidential agenda .
barbara castle  ,  the minister of transport gave approval on 4 august 1967 to build the brixton extension  .
at world series ,  dodgers and astros deal with questions of slick baseballs .
the new cathedral was rededicated to peter and paul on 31 august 1038  .
allan masaharu ohata ( september 13  ,  1918-october 17  ,  1977 ) was a united states army soldier  .
at the supreme court ,  ‘little sisters of the poor’ has a ring to it .
exxon ,  goldman sachs replace outgoing chiefs .
normally  ,  the loss of royal favor to a favorite was doom  ,  but brummell had the approval and friendship of other leading people  .
this news is about a little girl .  she is from britain .
hugh was one of those who brought louis iv ( doutremer ) from the kingdom of england in 936  .
in february 1914  ,  aged twelve  ,  he played in his first concert  ,  performing joseph haydn s cello concerto in d with the vienna philharmonic conducted by felix weingartner  .
he was known as a pious king  ,  devoted to christianity  .
diet varies widely  ,  with examples including tornierella  ,  who eats snails  ,  and afrixalus fornasinii  ,  the only land frog known to eat eggs of other species of anurans  .
goldie jeanne hawn ( born november 21  ,  1945 ) is an american actress  ,  director and producer  .
internet searches on suicide went up after ‘13 reasons why’ released by netflix .
melling was initially signed as a back-up hooker to chad randall  ,  however the great britain international has made full back position his own  .
how the spurs are winning without the three-pointer .
now ,  they are married
rep .  gregory meeks said heart attack caused him to miss key votes .
george will could stand to learn about the difference between fact and opinion .
3 million people had to leave their home or country .
freeze federal hiring before trump takes office ,  gop senators ask obama .
the fort was named james fort and the town jamestown  ,  in honor of the duke of york  ,  later king james ii of england  .
a bomb explodes in new york .  security cameras film the moment .
in anaheim ,  california ,  a big event and meeting happens every year .  it is called wondercon .
tamamo-no-mae ( 玉藻前 ) is a legendary figure in japanese mythology and folklore  .
the vertical shaft was extended to a further vertical shaft that reached the top 3 floors to drive the winding machines  .
after a snowball fight  ,  the friends return to the swamp  .
the stm is based on something called quantum tunneling  .
people need a balanced diet .
schenker passed the tape on to sony music executive andy slater  .
sophomore jump: can cowboys take the next step with dak prescott and ezekiel elliott ?  .
mako iwamatsu  ,  the actor who voiced iroh at first season  ,  died during the production and was replaced by greg baldwin  .
they shared a room  ,  dressed similarly  ,  and were known as `` the big pair   .
justin bieber turns himself in to toronto police .
florence lloyd ,  who ran smithsonian museum bookstores ,  dies at 105 .
point-blank killing of senior hamas operative deepens tensions between israel ,  gaza .
he is not alone .  he is with a female bear .
how to handle the sexual misconduct accusations against trump .
the researchers copied this .  they made enough spider silk to stretch for one kilometer .
however ,  it must wait for 5 , 500 refugees to leave
remote disc supports netbooting  ,  so macbook air can boot from its installation dvd in another computer s drive  .
the clothing label  ,  patagonia  ,  used monte fitz roy as the idea for their logo  ,  after yvon chouinard climbed the mountain in 1968 and made a movie about it  .
she likes cheerleading .
he is in hospital for two weeks
it is close to bangkok .  people get tattoos in this temple .
jeffery was born in 1937 in wiluna  ,  western australia  ,  and he was educated at cannington  ,  east victoria park state schools  ,  and kent street high school  .
law will catch up with the corrupt: .
east carolina rallies past virginia in ninth inning .
thirty-six people die from the smoke .  people panic .
s\/2004 s 4 is the designation of an object that astronomers do not know for sure if it exists seen orbiting saturn within the closer part of the f ring on 21 june  ,  2004  .
although it appears similar to jupiter s spot  ,  which is an anticyclonic storm ( this is like a hurricane )  ,  it is believed that the great dark spot is an atmospheric hole similar to the hole in earth s ozone layer  .
nasa’s juno probe beams back its first images from jupiter’s orbit .
it also hosts a waiter race .
the journey in california from san francisco to los angeles could take just 30 minutes .  hyperloop will use special tubes .
in march 2010  ,  kim competed at the 2010 world figure skating championships in turin  ,  italy  .
watch these 49 celebrities pay powerful tribute to victims of the orlando shooting .
his family joined him there after some time  .
in 1034 or 1035 duke robert wanted to go on a pilgrimage to jerusalem  .
people call one robot spot .  spot is a name for a dog .
ronda rousey issued medical suspension by ufc that could last up to six months .
it damages the boat and it goes down .
since then  ,  there has been linguistic work outside of european languages  ,  such as on the austronesian languages and various families of native american languages  .
this property is useful when the transmission error rate is high ; however  ,  it makes it less likely that the error would be detected without further mechanisms  .
jindal was born to indian parents in baton rouge  .
hugh s second wife was eadhild  ,  daughter of edward the elder  ,  king of the anglo-saxons  .
he is from china .  his toy is in a washing machine .
he became the united kingdom s ambassador to the united nations from 1950-1954 and to paris from 1954-1960  .
some new doctors are working 30-hour shifts at hospitals around the u . s .  .
how to make a request letter for cash advance in my company .
he takes the ipad and runs away .  a security camera films this .
these migrations enable grass-eating species to follow the rains and therefore their food supply  .
onychonycteris had longer hind legs and shorter forearms  ,  similar to climbing mammals that hang under branches such as sloths and gibbons  .
schuyler man dies in a one car accident .
this was killed by panama disease .
the comic strip became one of the most popular comedy clubs in london  ,  and one person who liked it a lot was jeremy isaacs of channel 4  .
a plane flies around the mountain .  its door is open .
they are mostly miners .  they want to keep their jobs
in differential geometry  ,  a cylinder is defined more broadly as any ruled surface which is spanned by a one-parameter family of parallel lines  .
arbace comes with news that the people  ,  led by the high priest of neptune  ,  are shouting that they want idomeneo  .
people have lived in wales for at least 29 , 000 years  .
morath divorced birch and returned to paris  .
children get allergies or asthma because parents clean everything too much .
another reporter from helium . com  ,  nicki marks said : as for the video and picture quality  ,  gord lacey from tvshowsondvd . com said that `` the colors are bright  ,  and the picture is nearly flawless  .
i still heard him but he was no longer visible .
she will also star in open graves  ,  a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game  .
draymond green apologizes for halftime rant during warriors-thunder game .
pakistani actors said it was time to stop working in bollywood .
it also has a unique art rental program  .
two d . c .  school administrators shot and wounded in southeast ,  police say .
aggie remains undefeated with 58-0 win .
the tsunami hits near fukushima .  there is a nuclear power plant there .  a big tsunami hit the plant in 2011
it rides on their backs .  the baby monkey weighs three kilograms .
the united states air force academy ( usafa or air force ) is an american military college  .
there is a bullfight .
basie s famous songs were `` one oclock jump  and `` april in paris   .
the washington post and partnership for public service launch political appointee tracker .
a movie expert said: no one saw this coming .
the two best players are british .  their final game is very exciting .
body found in south branch of chicago river .
one dead ,  another injured following fiery crash in northeast washington .
the name came after a candle was placed in a sample of magic acid  .
the embassies of france  ,  mongolia  ,  sweden  ,  thailand  ,  and ukraine are in georgetown  .
in ireland ,  people vote about same-sex marriage .
georgetown streets reopen as standoff with police ends peacefully .
the customs wants to see their things .
he said people could train and enter the world memory championships .
the uaes reading law is the idea of president sheikh khalifa .
there is a shooting in jerusalem .
snowy river national park is a national park in victoria ( australia )  ,  323 km east of melbourne  .
one police officer dies ,  too .  this is a bloody battle .
the isotope of hydrogen hydrogen-1 has no neutrons  ,  and a positive hydrogen ion has no electrons  .
during this step the feet tracks of both partners do not overlap  .
parents should check their baby after each new food .
it makes cars .  harald krueger is the boss of bmw .
donald trump is a much weaker candidate against hillary clinton than ted cruz is .
they can use a taxi-pod – a little yellow battery-powered car with three wheels .
suzuka also hosts the suzuka 8 hours for motorcycles  ,  which has been run since 1978  .
tunisian suspect in berlin christmas market attack faced past german terror probe ,  official says .
there is a skiing competition for robots in south korea .  eight teams enter the competition .
the wipes combine with fats and oils in the sewers .  they make blockages .
the sugar act of 1764 and the stamp act of 1765 limited trade in the colonies  .
polar bears and killer whales are known to hunt beluga whales  .
this news is about the whale shark .  it is very big .
justice department takes steps to create national use-of-force database .
group calls for western maryland counties to secede .
nedward `` ned  flanders is a character in the animated television series the simpsons  .
this is the closest it has been to midnight since 1953 .
its wing hits a road .  a car is on the road .
the huge number of stelae that survive from ancient egypt and in central america are one of the largest and most significant sources of information on those civilisations  .
new atelopus species are discovered with some regularity  .
ernest `` ernie  coombs  ,  cm ( november 26  ,  1927 - september 18  ,  2001 ) who was most famous for being the host of the popular canadian television tv show called mr .  dressup  .
on the first day ,  it has no hair .
they blame the government .
a burst of acrimony on capitol hill threatens immigration deal .
between these extremes there appears to be few intermediate-mass black holes  .
this refers to the large  ,  sickle-shaped claw bone on the second toe of each hind foot  .
the sind sparrow ( passer pyrrhonotus )  ,  also known as the sind jungle sparrow  ,  jungle sparrow  ,  or rufous-backed sparrow  ,  is a passerine bird of the sparrow family passeridae  .
when william ellis visited in 1823  ,  the main settlement in hilo district was waiākea on hilo bay  .
meade lux lewis ( \* september 4  ,   ,  1905 in chicago - june 7  ,  1964 in minneapolis ) was an american blues  ,  jazz and boogie woogie pianist  .
construction season grinds to a halt .
fire truck and van collide in northeast washington ,  injuring seven people .
here is news from england .
a railway gun  ,  also called a railroad gun  ,  is a large artillery weapon  ,  built on  ,  transported by  ,  and fired from a specially designed railway wagon  .
along with confederate statues ,  tear down ‘gone with the wind’ .
the only part of the plant that can be seen outside the host vine is the flower  .
in a hereditary monarchy  ,  all the monarchs come from the same family  ,  and the crown is passed down from one member of the family to another  .
they help his neighbours with personal problems .
nearly 3 , 000 people died in the attacks  .
he was born in hamilton  ,  canada  .
people think middle age is around the age of 50 .
the name comes from chytridium ( from the greek chytridion  ,  meaning `` little pot  ) : the structure containing unreleased spores  .
by that reason he trained himself in boxing during two years and in 1832 he combined boxing with chausson and savate in order to create such sport of savate boxe française as we know it today  .
of the 108 japanese aircraft involved in this attack  ,  11 were destroyed  ,  14 were heavily damaged  ,  and 29 were damaged  .
30 new fires spark in boise national forest .
a van hits people on london bridge .
atlantic 10 faces an unfamiliar label for ncaa tournament: one-bid league .
at least 24 people die .  it injures many people .
for native american activists ,  a new post poll on redskins name won’t end their fight .
the most recent winners are miguel cabrera in the american league and andrew mccutchen in the national league  .
he served again as an indian commissioner  ,  and was elected lieutenant governor of connecticut in 1786  ,  assuming the governorship on the death of samuel huntington in 1796  ,  and was reelected to the position  ,  dying in office at the age of seventy-one in farmington  ,  connecticut  .
leopold died scarcely two years later  ,  dying on 1 march 1792  .
russian american lobbyist was present at trump jr . ’s meeting with kremlin-connected lawyer .
carlo ancelotti calls for ``courage and personality .
in 2004  ,  wildside was shown by the wrestling channel in the united kingdom giving them a bigger audience  .
when hugh refused the crown it went to his brother-in-law  ,  rudolph of france  .
unlike the pipe trick  ,  though  ,  the slash trick is not expanded in the saved wiki markup  .
700 pounds ( 320 kg ) less weight on a boeing 737-800 means that 0 . 5 % less fuel will be burned  .
federal reserve chair janet l .  yellen will leave board when successor is sworn in .
search for gunman who shot baltimore detective in the head .
how to interpret ‘filthy , ’ justin timberlake’s strange new robot music video .
it was released on nintendo s eshop service on may 9  ,  2013 in europe and north america  ,  and july 24  ,  2013 in japan  .
the right time of the year is from the 8th to 12th day of dhu al-hijjah  ,  the 12th month of the islamic calendar  .
people who saw the burned and blackened bodies were unable to tell which was dan kelly and which was steve hart  .
in 1982 collins started work as an assistant professor at the university of cincinnati  .
the two side-spans are suspension bridges  ,  each 270 feet ( 82 m ) long  ,  with the suspension rods anchored both at the abutments and through rods contained within the bridge s upper walkways  .
the county seat is in new city  .
xtranormal launched in october  ,  2008  ,  after four years of earlier software development  .
however ,  a scientist says dirt makes babies stronger .
the aircraft crashed into the western side of the pentagon at 09:37 edt  .
the pritzker prize-winning architect richard rogers won the international competition to design the building  .
key and peele donated to von miller’s charity after nfl fined him for pelvic thrusts .
a shop has a visitor .
in formula one  ,  a new dfv-based design was introduced for the new rules in 1987  .
he was also the goaltender who faced the first penalty shot ever awarded during an overtime period in nhl playoff history ( 1996 )  .
it was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
it was rediscovered by the early ethologist oskar heinroth  ,  and studied extensively and popularized by his disciple konrad lorenz  ,  and by niko tinbergen  .
researchers noted this drift  ,  and also that the orbit moves relative to the orbits of the other planets  .
except for hokkaidō  ,  one of the japanese home islands  ,  the sea is surrounded on all sides by land of the russian federation  .
the pictures are great .  one picture shows the planet from pole to pole .  you can see a big storm in the picture .
this shows that dolphins are very clever .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
in the story of dhruva the divine conch plays a special part  .
bad children get some coal .
his birth time was 10:34 pm and he was born on the makar sankranti day of saturday  ,  january 14  ,  1950 ( magha krishna ekadashi )  .
during the sengoku period  ,  various clans ruled different parts of the province  .
marling has toured with a number of well-known indie artists in the uk including jamie t  ,  who personally invited her on tour with him last year after he attended her second-ever gig  .
when jess and marie helped harry and sally fall in love .
it is an old incan ceremony .  every year ,  people celebrate it in peru .
it has 21 days to do this .
lake havasu city is geographically isolated from other cities in mohave county  .
when he and his older sister were still young  ,  the pipers moved to greenville  ,  south carolina where he spent the rest of his childhood  .
this is about the same as one cup of normal coffee  ,  or slightly less depending on the brewing method the actual caffeine level in red bull can vary depending on country  ,  as some countries have legal restrictions on how much caffeine is allowed in drinks  .
in may 2009  ,  alexei shirov achieved the greatest triumph of his career by placing 1st in the high category 21 m-tel masters 2009 tournament  ,  a double round tournament held in sofia  ,  bulgaria  .
anderson silva: when can i train ?  .
lindsay lohan claims she was ‘racially profiled’ over a headscarf at london airport .
in organic synthesis  ,  an important dyotropic reaction is the conversion of 4-substituted-gamma-lactones to butyrolactones  .
virginia man arrested in fatal shooting in prince george’s county .
rupert murdoch and wendi deng reach divorce settlement .
the band started recording the song the day before they posed for the sgt .  pepper album cover ( 29 march 1967 )  ,  ending the session at 5:45 in the morning  .
this happens in england .
wright believed in designing structures which were in peace with humanity and its environment  .
the core members include ( from biggest to smallest ) : the international astronomical union ( iau ) reserves names in - e for all retrograde moons  ,  including this group s members  .
path is a charity championed by former destiny s child singer michelle williams that helps feed the homeless  .
senate democrats push for $500 billion in infrastructure investment .
homicide investigation into paul dewolfs death continues as um students return to campus .
all that was left was the track running from starr gate to fleetwood  .
d . c .  police add ‘bisexual and transgender’ to name of liaison unit .
d . c .  streetcar on track for year-end opening ,  top transportation official says .
this will be a problem for people in qatar .
in chinese cuisine  ,  pea sprouts ( 豆苗 dòu miáo ) are commonly used in stir-fries and its price is relatively high due to its agreeable taste  .
in 1831 his father legally recognized him ( he adopted him ) and ensured the young dumas received the best education possible at the institution goubaux and the college bourbon  .
in june 2001  ,  the storyline got more intense as more wwf storylines ended to make room for the central invasion storyline  .
he is the conductor of the orchestra of the royal opera house  ,  covent garden in london  ,  and lorchestra dell ` accademia nazionale di santa cecilia in rome  .
games such as dance central  ,  michael jackson : the game  ,  and child of eden are all games based on the new motion sensing technology aimed to encourage more engaging dance routines  .
there was a full moon on the 2nd of july .
the present site where the shinto shrine existed  ,  lied at a gray area between the nature reserve and singapore armed forces restricted area  .
because she was conceived in the tardis as it traveled through the space-time vortex  ,  melody is born with genetic traits and abilities much like to the doctor s own race  ,  the time lords  .
sir gavin rylands de beer frs ( 1899-1972 ) was a british evolutionary embryologist  .
fearing for his life  ,  the 14th dalai lama fled to india where he has led a government in exile since  .
starbucks will give jobs to 10 , 000 refugees over five years .
bhaag milkha bhaag screened in saudi arabia .
as of january 23  ,  2010 the death toll from the floods has risen to 68 with 26 others still missing  .
google offers local payments for android apps in four countries .
he spent a gap year working as a skiing instructor in austria before starting university at robinson college  ,  cambridge  ,  where he studied anthropology  .
the soho foundry opened in 1796 at a time when watt s sons  ,  gregory and james jr .  were heavily involved in the management of the enterprise  .
jordan connerton returns to lancaster city .
in 1993  ,  he returned to the team to replace gary thorne  .
gilmer city council to consider canceling election .
people want to take pictures with the snake .
they feed the cats .  the cats have no natural predators on the island .
immigrants come to france .  they are often from asia ,  the middle east or africa .  they want to live in europe .
video of orlando attack shows shooter firing at those already wounded .
after high school  ,  they started to get serious in music and added dj joe hahn  ,  bass player dave `` phoenix  farrell and singer mark wakefield to their band  .
the company board members had a `` daylong brainstorming session  .
socialist equality party holds election meeting in adelaide .
chlorophyll molecules are arranged in and around the membranes of chloroplasts  .
in the islands there are many artists and musicians  ,  with the most famous listed below : musicians : bands : in the islands  ,  there are music festivals  ,  where international musicians participating  ,  like traditional faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables  .
lack of rain and access to water had crippled the agricultural production during the summer  .
in 1813 wentworth  ,  along with gregory blaxland and william lawson  ,  led the trip which found a route across the blue mountains  .
the leopard has problems in the water .
wang yi meets with foreign secretary sujatha singh of india .
people must do something about the litter
while the use of household income remains among the most widely accepted as households tend to share a common economic fate  ,  the size of a household which is commonly not considered may off-set gains in household income  .
it only operated as a lighthouse until 1860  ,  when a pile light was built and anchored off shelly beach  .
poverty key source of producing anti-social elements .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
a few years back she already had the reputation of being a witch  .
the saint rose philippine duchesne shrine is in saint charles  .
google will revamp its ad policies after backlash .
the first half of the draft was televised live on tnn for two hours  ,  on wwe s flagship program  ,  raw  .
these sculptures are made of ice .  they look like characters from disney movies .
charter captain pulls burning powerboat away from fuel dock in southern maryland .
his joy as a teacher lay in communicating knowledge directly and enthusiastically to his students  .  .  .   according to sir george sansom  ,  tsunoda was the `` father of japanese studies in america   .
they want to see the circle .  the circle is 75 metres in diameter .
police show the video to the man .  he says that he is guilty
6 ways to laugh at d . c . ’s underground comedy fest .
edward was the son of henry viii of england and jane seymour  .
airbus shows off a350 .
when a diver went down down to search for the bodies  ,  he drowned and that brought the total of deaths for the collapse to 19  .
rcmp to release data on missing ,  murdered indigenous women .
the crew also made a full-size x-wing cockpit that was used for all actors ; the astromech droid behind each actor was changed for each starfighter  .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
virginia woman charged with bilking people out of $5 million .
there are four resources used in ogame : metal  ,  crystal  ,  deuterium  ,  and dark matter  .
in 1936  ,  lorenz met his great friend and colleague niko tinbergen  .
a lot of animals live at the reef .
scientists have always wondered how they do this .
watch: teenage pop star’s humiliating apology to china for waving taiwan flag .
new zealand  ,  one of australia s closest allies  ,  said they would be sending two fifteen member civil defense teams to assist in flood rescue efforts  .
joshua a .  komisarjevsky ( born august 10  ,  1980 ) was hayes  accomplice in the home invasion and murder of william petit s wife and two daughters  .
mr clarkson presents the popular top gear show .
gia linh travel introduces 9 days travel package to vietnam .
he has a problem with his airway .
there is a small airport ( bondangora airport ) for private planes 12 km east of wellington  .
people call nepal’s capital city katmandu
in 1957 he was elected to the illinois house of representatives  ,  where he served one term before winning election to the u . s .  house of representatives in 1958  .
in 1975 these two districts were joined together again to make the current paderborn district  .
richard taylor ,  nobel-winning physicist who helped discover quarks ,  dies at 88 .
it has 120 floors .
typical symbols of the holiday include baby jesus  ,  santa claus and the star of bethlehem  .
coaches ,  teacher suspended for wearing blackface .
this encourages a dense carpet of bluebells  ,  whose leaves mature and die down by early summer  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
64-year-old woman’s death in burke ,  va .  ,  is being called suspicious .
following the release of `` if you had my love  and `` no me ames   ,  three additional singles were released  .
hinton rowan helper made use of the 1850 census results in his politically notorious book the impending crisis of the south  .
condition of elderly pedestrians struck by car outside memorial service upgraded .
there’s even a moomin café in tokyo .
king hezekiah was a biblical king .  he ruled around 700 bc .
the only other zoo to have bred a platypus is sydney s taronga zoo  .
adventure time is an american animated television show created by pendleton ward for cartoon network  .
pia is my daughter-mario balotelli .
he shouts a warning that she is in danger from the people around her and that she should help the poor  .
the current noise levels allow for 41 daily commercial flights and 25 commuter flights  .
he was the first german pope  .
as the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier in the film arrives in the village  .
police arrest the woman
they saw waves in space .
briar woods digs out of another hole to edge tuscarora for the virginia 5a north region volleyball title .
another conflict ?  workers unionize at trump’s dc hotel .
union major general george gordon meade s army of the potomac stopped attacks by confederate general robert e .  lee s army of northern virginia  .
along with the large white it is sometimes known as the cabbage white or cabbage butterfly  .
thoroughgood chose to live along the lynnhaven river  ,  also named for his home in england  .
he went to the primary school in binalong but later went to boarding school in sydney  .
salem high school postpones basketball games .
although the french were victorious against venice at the battle of agnadello  ,  the league soon fell apart  ,  as both the pope and ferdinand became suspicious of french intentions  .
‘it was heartbreaking’: oakland warehouse fire leaves 33 dead ,  officials say .
the neighborhood is close to georgetown  ,  foggy bottom  ,  dupont circle  ,  the downtown business district  ,  the international monetary fund  ,  the world bank  ,  the kennedy center  ,  and the watergate  .
miss manners: reminder call for appointment is a kindness ,  not an insult .
it is one of the most sparsely populated territories in the world  .
alejo carpentier y valmont ( december 26  ,  1904 - april 24  ,  1980 ) was a cuban novelist  ,  essayist  ,  and musicologist  .
the larger grains can be sand-to-gravel-sized  ,  and matrix materials make up more than 15 % of the rock by volume  .
it may help people soon .
a plane crashes into a house .
trappist-1 is nearly 40 light-years away from earth .
the album version peaked at number seventy-seven one week before the freemasons remix became available  .
drummer brandon barnes did not come into the picture until 2001 along with the band name rise against  .
ica announces two hospital construction contracts .
syria ,  already a catastrophe ,  seems on the verge of an uncontrollable disaster .
chinese vice president li yuanchao to visit north korea .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
on 14 december 1976  ,  the cdu\/csu became the largest group in parliament  ,  and carstens was elected president of the bundestag  .
burton was moved to the texas border security council on september 11  ,  2007 by governor rick perry  .
bffs at war !  lisa vanderpump makes kyle richards cry .
theresa may ,  weakened after elections ,  remains as britain’s prime minister .
men do pay more for some things .
the district is located in the erzgebirge mountains  .
when nemorino hears adina reading to her workers the story of tristan and isolde  ,  he considers using a magic potion to gain adina s love  .
mike glennon expected to sign with the bears to be their starter at qb .
it is a new type of tennis .  it is easier than normal tennis .
the structure of the earth is divided into layers  .
aileen hernandez ,  former now president who fought for women’s and minority rights ,  dies at 90 .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
local human trafficking survivor bukola oriola invited to white house .
the ojibway aboriginal people in north america used the cowry shells in ceremonies  ,  and the whiteshell provincial park in manitoba  ,  canada is named after this type of shell  .
ormonde became wentworth s friend and supporter  .
the most important idea of the roerich s pact is the legal recognition that the protection of culture always has supremacy over any military necessity  .
there are three suns in the sky .
montgomery’s new schools chief gets 4-year contract ,  $275 , 000 salary .
arlington names acting manager mark schwartz to top county job .
chelsea planning to send nathaniel chalobah on loan for one more season .
william levy and ximena navarrete star as the protagonists  ,  while iván sánchez  ,  mariana seoane  ,  laura carmine  ,  daniela romo and cesar evora star as the antagonists  .
mother bear ,  cub fatally struck by car near reno .
in britain ,  two men turn 110 years old .
hannelore kohl ( 7 march 1933 - 5 july 2001 ) was the wife of former german chancellor dr .  helmut kohl  .
several european and asian species have been introduced to these areas as well as to north america  ,  hawaii and new zealand  .
city of st .  louis offering warrant forgiveness .
the erin andrews verdict: it’s not about the $55 million in peephole lawsuit .
the law can be stated as follows : in other words  ,  the volume of a constant mass of ideal gas at a constant temperature is inversely proportional to its pressure  .
the first ten of these amendments are together called the bill of rights  .
is the first album released by the american new wave music band devo  .
he also wants to be friends with other countries .
before she was replaced  ,  bandaranaike s government signed an agreement with india over the status of about one million tamils : 600 , 000 were to be granted indian citizenship and repatriated  ,  and 375 , 000 were to be granted sri lankan citizenship  .
olympian feyisa lilesa: from rio to america ,  i will keep fighting ethiopia’s oppression .
a boy from brazil steals things .
humans cannot stand on one leg ,  even for one hour .
he was buried at mount sinai memorial park in los angeles  ,  california  .
worth took his sons  ,  gaston and jean-philippe  ,  into his business and the couture house continued to flourish after his death in 1895  .
he has 450 piercings on his face and body .
there is a festival in peru .
the gravitational collapse of heavy stars is assumed to be responsible for the formation of `` stellar mass  black holes  .
a 777 boeing is in the air .  it is flying from singapore to milan .
conn .  governor says he’ll ban gun sales to people on federal watch lists .
sif is a goddess in norse mythology  .
one woman wears a red coat .  she has a red bike ,  too .
it uses frequencies in very high frequency ( vhf ) from 108 to 117 . 95 mhz  .
where will you play (strategically speaking) ?  .
the school was founded by satish ranjan das  ,  a calcutta lawyer  .
in the 1960s  ,  woodward was named donner professor of science  ,  a post which allowed him to spend all his time on research  .
the term fortification comes from the latin words fortis ( `` strong  ) and facere ( `` to make  )  .
it is 28 °c .
second mistrial in case of man accused of killing d . c .  corrections official .
it is a black bear .  it comes to the family’s garden .
shrek the halls was produced by dreamworks animation at the pdi\/dreamworks studio  .
a fluffernutter is a sandwich made with peanut butter and marshmallow creme  .
people worry too much about what others think .
with 800 offspring ,  ‘very sexually active’ tortoise saves species from extinction .
neville marriner ,  who led renowned academy of st .  martin in the fields ,  dies at 92 .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
the game was inspired by similar  ,  earlier japanese games  ,  but harmonix added rock music aimed at a western audience  .
there were no sewers or drains and rubbish was simply abandoned in the street  .
they are commonly distinguished from subnational entities in that they are not considered to be part of the state  .
for the methane gas fuel  ,  see natural gas gasoline \/ ˈɡæsəliːn \/  ,  or petrol \/ ˈpɛtrəl \/  ,  is a toxic  ,  clear liquid that is mostly used as a fuel in internal combustion engines  .
the keepers think that it is a really good activity .
they show them happy faces and angry faces .  the horses can tell the difference .
rachel maddow’s fascinating duel with trump campaign manager kellyanne conway ,  annotated .
until the 1980-81 season  ,  the vezina trophy was awarded to the goaltender ( s ) of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season  .
other examples include animal fighting  ,  animal courtship behavior  ,  internal escape functions  ,  and building of nests  .
he died on 15 december 2008  ,  in moscow  ,  after a long illness  .
john bodkin adams ( 21 january 1899 - 4 july 1983 ) was a british doctor  ,  fraudster and suspected serial killer  .
they form a labyrinth .
3 clips that explain both donald trump and hillary clinton as debaters .
the war is the world s deadliest conflict since world war ii  ,  killing 5 . 4 million people since 1998  .
a dishonest guest paid a visit to hulda and convinced her to trade the wand for a piece of his beautiful jewelry  .
zevon wrote many songs that were humorous and often political many famous musicians have said they liked zevon s work  ,  including jackson browne  ,  bruce springsteen  ,  bob dylan  ,  and neil young  .
there are ten new buildings in shanghai ,  china .
it takes place in mexico .
many of the soviet wireless and telephone operators were women who often suffered heavy injuries and deaths  .
sikkim records steepest fall in poverty level .
u . s .  attorney’s office recommends putting robert mcdonnell on trial again .
then in 2000  ,  three of the companies which made airbus industrie ( daimlerchrysler aerospace  ,  the new deutsche airbus ; aérospatiale-matra  ,  the new sud-aviation ; and casa ) merged  .
lea michele is doing much better .
he says that he is proud to be irish .
mother of sarah payne says news of the world was a force for good .
police cars collide during investigation in prince george’s .
the area is also served by a number of wmata metrobus lines  .
examples include the mallard duck  ,  wild boar  ,  the rock dove or pigeon  ,  the red junglefowl ( gallus gallus ) ( ancestor of all chickens )  ,  carp  ,  and salmon  .
he first became well known as a member of the group los sabrosos del merengue  .
that menu still has such choices as a `` cheeseburger with cheese  and `` dead chicken  .
we can only buy boxes of 21 bars .
as well as these  ,  a number of trams were built by the tramway : before 1932  ,  the only road route between southampton high street and above bar was through the arch in the center of the bargate  .
perri shakes-drayton may miss commonwealth games .
by 1570  ,  cervantes had enlisted as a soldier in a regiment of the spanish naval elite corps  ,  infantería de marina  ,  stationed in naples  ,  then a possession of the spanish crown  .
because the effect derives from changes to the `` real balance   ,  this is also called the real balance effect  .
it starred mark speight as `` scratchy  and elliot henderson-boyle as `` reg   .
his drive to convince  ,  however  ,  is self-destructive because he fully admits he is guilty of murder  .
how kellyanne conway operates as trumps spin-master .
it lies at the peripheral boundary of abbottabad and many of the people work in islamabad and rawalpindi due to easy access by road through the ghora gali - rawalpindi road  .
his father  ,  grandfather and great-grandfather made music for weddings  ,  bar mitzvahs  ,  and holiday celebrations in the shtetls ( villages ) of eastern europe  .
geologists said zealandia does not have to be above water to be a continent .
nagri tutial ( also known as nagri totial ) is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan  .
montgomery county police recover 42 packages stolen outside homes .
during a `` winner s defense  bout  ,  the current `` power player  ( the contestant who had the highest amount of correct answers playing along in `` winners  row  that day ) chooses one of the four `` winners  row  contestants  ,  who can be him\/herself  ,  to play against the contestant who is currently in the `` money chair   .
the long connection with silk production ended in about 1908 when f . w .  hampshire and company  ,  the chemists  ,  moved into the buildings to make fly papers and cough medicines  .
labor took government with the support of eight liberals in 1905 when labor gained more seats than the liberals  .
they confirmed the dutch republic s position as the leading maritime power of the 17th century  .
jeb bush: ‘i didn’t see’ memo calling rubio ‘risky bet’ before it leaked .
the times square ball is a time ball ( a ball dropped at a certain time ) located at the top of the one times square building in times square in new york city  .
she is having a mini stroke .
she gives them some milk .
the victim’s head is badly injured .
esther p .  gelman ,  former montgomery county council president ,  dies at 84 .
hurricane iniki was the costliest hurricane to strike the state of hawaiʻi  ,  causing $ 1 . 8 billion ( $ 2 . 6 billion in 2004 us dollars ) in damage  .
held in prison for over a year before being brought to trial all the accused were eventually acquitted in august 1878  .
ensis  ,  of the family pharidae  ,  is found on sandy beaches in northern europe and eastern canada  ,  such as prince edward island  .
he played gaelic football for the erin s isle team where he was declared sports star of the month  .
in 1999  ,  matt groening cast her as the cyclopian spaceship captain  ,  leela  ,  in his science fiction cartoon comedy futurama  .
fannie mae offers new mortgage program .
joe ross is back with a vengeance in nationals’ win over the mariners .
the album reached number three on the us billboard 200  ,  number two on the top r&b \/ hip-hop albums and number four on the uk albums chart  .
wayne gandy ( born february 10  ,  1971 in haines city  ,  florida ) is a former american football offensive tackle in the national football league  .
fda ‘deeming rule’ survives first court challenge .
four vehicles broken into on two streets in chevy chase .
the channel islands were the only british commonwealth soil to be occupied by the nazis  .
it was broadcast live  ,  with world war i songs sung by june tabor  .
after a decade of gentrification ,  district sees a surge in families crushed by rent .
there are fires in central portugal .  fifty-eight people die .
in washington dc ,  students sat with their backs to the white house for 17 minutes .
aang surrenders himself to zuko as long as he agrees to leave the village alone  .
scientists need to be serious about this .
due to the lack of studies  ,  it is not known whether drinking more fluids improves symptoms or shortens respiratory illness  .
in the films  ,  the pink panther is a large and valuable diamond  .
the eruption killed 57 people  ,  nearly 7 , 000 game animals ( deer  ,  elk  ,  and bear )  ,  and about 12 million fish from a fish farm  .
wendell castle ,  whose art was furniture and furniture was art ,  dies at 85 .
have a drink on donald trump at the hay-adams hotel bar .
a lot of people use these stations .  there can be between 5 , 000 to 6 , 000 people at every station
it is worst for women .
much of the southern part of the sea  ,  up to elephant island  ,  is permanent ice  .
al-kidd was never charged with a crime or called as a witness  .
some insects don’t have a characteristic flavour .
as of 2002 the region has a big amount of romanians  ,  of 97 . 9 %  ,  with the second largest group being the roma  ,  who make up 1 . 2 % of the population  .
some later sauropterygians like the pliosaurs developed a similar mechanism in their pelvis  .
for millennials ,  bernie sanders is cool because he’s 74 ,  not in spite of it .
he is known for his role as clark kent\/superman in the popular american television series lois & clark : the new adventures of superman  .
the site was built between 2900 and 2600 bc  ,  though there were possibly earlier buildings before 3000 bc  .
bbc anchor komla dumor has died .
lamar odom feels betrayed by khloé kardashian .
what keith olbermann has been up to since sportscenter .
he came across a group of men who were hanging upside down from a tree  .
he wrote  ,  `` it is the express wish of the composer that the role of amahl should always be performed by a boy  .
tongas life expectancy has gone down from 71 to 68 because of obesity .
it just has red dust .
gun in donated clothes kills chicago woman .
furthermore  ,  hilbert spaces are required to be complete  ,  a property that stipulates the existence of enough limits in the space to let the techniques of calculus to be used  .
on 8 september ( before the main invasion )  ,  the surrender of italy to the allies was announced  .
they perform 10-12 transplants every week  ,  and in 2003 performed pakistan s first liver transplant  .
early on september 14  ,  the jma started monitoring a cluster of thunderstorms to the southeast of taiwan as a tropical depression  .
d . c .  man sentenced to 35 years for raping nun .
richardson s family dynasty business at the time was estimated at $ 200 million to $ 1 billion  .
they never interbreed in the wild  ,  although hybrids between eastern grey females and western grey males have been produced in captivity  .
others are free-living  ,  and include many of the bacteria responsible for nitrogen fixation  .
during world war ii the australian army used containers  .
windstream forms holding company; .
ragemonger from born of the gods revealed .
on 29 september 2009  ,  the pakistani prime minister  ,  while addressing a huge gathering in gilgit-baltistan  ,  announced a multi-billion rupee development package aimed at the socio-economic uplifting of people in the area  .
the need to create the park in stages was due to the debate over whether mining should be allowed at guratba ( coronation hill ) which is located in the middle of the area referred to as sickness country  .
the one washington dinner john kerry was afraid to miss .
however ,  sometimes cars hit snowy owls .  airplanes can hit the owls ,  too
the main city of the emirate is dubai  .
it was invented in the 3rd century b . c .   ,  probably by the hellenistic scientist ctesibius of alexandria  .
the league currently consists of eight teams  ,  and relegates to the armenian first league  .
yun remained in office to provide legitimacy to the regime  ,  but resigned on march 22  ,  1962  .
pit bulls don’t deserve to be compared to sebastian gorka .
they are angry .  the government wants to spend less money .
virginia 6a football final preview: westfield ,  oscar smith get set for a rematch .
some workers do not like this .  they go on strike
driver of truck that killed arlington mother charged .
after the global recession and its own financial problems  ,  toyota decided to stop hosting of japanese grand prix  .
he played 31 games for the grizzlies and then he was traded to the minnesota timberwolves in an eight-player deal involving kevin love and o .  j .  mayo  .
throughout modern times  ,  the largest known prime number has very often been a mersenne prime  .
she is the first person in the usa to do this .
cirque de soleil takes to the streets of santa monica .
edmund sixtus `` ed  muskie ( rumford  ,  maine  ,  march 28  ,  1914 - washington  ,  d . c .   ,  march 26  ,  1996 ) was governor of maine ( 1955-1959 )  ,  a united states senator ( 1959-1980 )  ,  and united states secretary of state ( 1980-1981 )  .
a scientific model represents complex objects  ,  events  ,  and physical processes in a logical way  .
the versions cooked today are more simple  ,  but they still include rabbit  ,  venison  ,  pigeon  ,  pheasant  ,  and other game meats  .
amanda seyfried stuns in white .
one is at a metro station .  the metro station is close to the eu buildings .
s .
dixon s career began in 1999 when she met sabrina washington when they both joined dance attic ( a popular dance class school in west london )  ,  and together they formed a duo and recorded a demo titled inspiration  .
his songs usually use the racial epithet nigger and sometimes he voices sympathy for jim crow-era segregation and the ku klux klan  .
anthrax guitarist dan spitz arrested .
a basketball player sets a new record .
in 1948 he published the story `` a perfect day for bananafish  in the new yorker magazine  ,  which also published most of his following work  .
burton was born richard walter jenkins in the village of pontrhydyfen  ,  neath port talbot  ,  wales  .
d . c .  man pleads guilty to fatal shooting of man after car break-in .
the victim goes to hospital .
the song thrush has brown upperparts and black-spotted cream or buff underparts  ,  and has three recognized subspecies  .
choi kyu-hah ( july 16  ,  1919 - october 22  ,  2006 ) ( also spelled choi kyu-ha ) was the president of south korea between 1979 and 1980  .
he took part in the gauntlet for the gold match to determine a new nwa world heavyweight championship  nwa world heavyweight champion but lost the match  .
cellular phone use is very common throughout the country  .
doves feed on seeds  ,  fruit and plants  .
he retired from the league in 1993 after nine seasons in which he was mostly known as a blocker  .
robert osborne ,  turner classic movies host and film historian ,  dies at 84 .
rotation carried out at russian 102nd military base .
in late april 1930  ,  jesse l .  lasky  ,  working for paramount pictures  ,  offered eisenstein the chance to make a movie in the united states  .
i was quite worried because my situation began to be very serious .
church camp volunteer charged with soliciting sex from a juvenile in sterling ,  va .  .
elizabeth eisenstein ,  printing press historian and tennis star ,  dies at 92 .
( key ) ( results in bold indicate pole position  ,  results in italics indicate fastest lap ) ^ a after von brauchitsch s car retired from the race  ,  he took over fagioli s car  .
people must leave .  later ,  they are outside .
in an interview for the vintage books and anchor books blog  ,  editor laura furman called working with pen a `` natural partnership  .
everything goes fine .  she is going to be ok
constance lowell proposed zeus  ,  then lowell  ,  and finally constance  .
this is also a show .
the district is named after its major river  ,  the mulde - the name german : muldental means english : valley of the mulde  .
house intelligence committee issues subpoena to bannon after he declines to answer questions .
the box acts as a resonating body for a metal mechanism placed inside with a number of loosely fastened pins or rivets that vibrate and rattle against the box  ,  much like the teeth of the jawbone  .
paul manafort has three u . s .  passports .  why ?  .
by the beginning of 2005  ,  the bank had loaned over usd 4 . 7 billion to poor people  .
in the upper urinary tract  ,  it is known as pyelonephritis ( a kidney infection )  .
the major indic scripts today order their consonants the way pāṇini did  .
he is a best-selling author and the president and ceo of ripken baseball  ,  inc .   .
saint helena has its own currency  ,  the saint helena pound  ,  which is at parity with the pound sterling  .
two shot ,  one stabbed within a few minutes in southeast washington .
ernesto made landfall near guantanamo bay  ,  cuba  ,  early in the morning on 28 august  .
the `` document   ,  below  ,  refers to any manual or work  .
examples of metals are aluminium  ,  copper  ,  iron  ,  tin  ,  gold  ,  lead  ,  silver  ,  titanium  ,  uranium  ,  and zinc  .
priest s became a citizen of leiden on november 16  ,  1615 with isaac allerton and roger wilson  .
the australia wide captain cook myth  ,  however  ,  tells of a symbolic british character who arrives from across the oceans sometime after the aboriginal world was formed and the original social order founded  .
gov website .
the national team won their first olympic gold medal at the 1998 winter games in nagano  .
it began in the 9th century : it was called county of castile and was a vassalage depending from the kingdom of león  .
it is necessary for:according to the national survey falling short ?  college learning and career success ,  the ability to effectively communicate in writing is essential during your study and working career .
change in iranian rhetoric on nuclear issue due to sanctions .
the other two are the doric order and ionic order  .
the middlegame is the part of the game after most pieces have been developed  .
he was born in cincinnati  ,  ohio  .
before releasing the album  ,  they toured with alice cooper  ,  rammstein  ,  deep purple  ,  dream theater  ,  saxon and stratovarius  .
that time when superstorm sandy took out clinton’s private e-mail server .
in france ,  are soldiers outside the eiffel tower and the louvre really worth it ?  .
ireland has been at the summer olympic games since 1924  ,  and at the winter olympic games since 1992  .
pizza chain sbarro files for bankruptcy protection .
her name is jessie .  she is trained to smell ink on banknotes .  this means that she can find cash .
herc and iolaus head to thebes to see alcmene but iolaus is a little upset because herc gets all the credit  .
records show he recorded about 350 numbers between 1906 and 1917  ,  of which very few survive today  .
edcs are in most houses .
this property can be expressed in differential geometric terms as the derivative r  ( θ ) is proportional to the parameter b .  in other words  ,  it controls how `` tightly  and in which direction the spiral spirals  .
a hair loss clinic said we must use shampoo when we sweat after exercise or using a sauna .
the bagobago website is in 8 different languages .  english – http://bagobago .
melvin jerome blanc ( may 30  ,  1908 - july 10  ,  1989 ) was a famous voice artist  .
former gop national security officials: trump would be ‘most reckless’ american president in history .
nine people die .  hundreds of people are trapped in homes and cars .
shale is characterized by breaks along thin laminae or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness  ,  called `` fissility  ( = ~ splitting )  .
in 2008  ,  the cathedral celebrated the 750th anniversary of its consecration in 1258  .
jewelry ,  cash reported stolen .
teen driver deaths are increasing .
we repeat .
the creator of the hoverbike can fly a helicopter .
as these programs became more common in the late 1980s  ,  several companies set up services that would accept the shows on floppy disk and create slides or print transparencies  .
senate republicans failed the test on devos .
they use one tonne of flour ,  750 kilograms of butter ,  200 kilograms of sugar ,  1 .
semi hauling modular home hits bridge .
walter tejada se retira y deja huella en arlington .
william harris crawford ( february 24  ,  1772-september 15  ,  1834 ) was an important american politician  ,  as well as a judge  ,  during the early 19th century  .
man fatally shot in capitol heights has died .
gatehouse media files for chapter 11 bankruptcy .
their lives of small crime are interrupted by a passenger with mental abilities who has a dangerous secret  .
it is unacceptable that people are going hungry and food is being wasted .
he says that breaking records is not that important .
the next year  ,  mcgraw published his first best-selling book  ,  life strategies  ,  some of which was taken from the `` pathways  seminar  .
she fled france with her husband shortly after the storming of the bastille on 14 july 1789 which marked the beginning of the french revolution  .
the toxicity of h2s is comparable with that of hydrogen cyanide  .
he married her in 1961  .
after the restoration of the english monarchy in 1660  ,  the east india company received a royal permit to start a colony in the island  .
scheel kept a hen house in the yard and sold eggs to her neighbors  .
when he was not playing a gig  ,  he spent time at the local pool hall with other musicians  .
instructors from the yokosuka air corps were used in an effort to make up the missing aircrew  .
4 centimetres of water rains down on the city .
they say that it is like a street festival .
the service dexploitation de la formation aéronautique ( sefa ) was the french national flight school  ,  in nine places in france and managed by the direction générale de laviation civile ( dgac )  .
national park service starts annual program to reduce deer in rock creek park .
all nippon airways ,  japan airlines check their boeing 787 fleets for wiring problem .
russell ingall confirmed at lucas dumbrell motorsport .
he reprised his role in the second sequel walking tall : lone justice which released later that year  .
henry was born in greenwich palace on 28 june 1491 and was the second son of henry vii of england and elizabeth of york  .
this delay often occurs when a studio doubts a movie s commercial prospects would justify a full cinema release  ,  or because its `` release window  has closed  .
mario has rescued princess peach lots of times since super mario bros .   .
senate not ready to move 38 , 000 workers off the federal payroll .
sergey lavrov is the russian foreign minister .  he wants to tell american diplomats to leave .
nissan to replace ford as champions league sponsor .
ali was forced to squeeze egypt more and more to support his campaign  ,  and his people resented the increased burden  .
the university of bologna  ,  founded in 1088  ,  is the oldest existing university in europe  .
he also got senate approval to return the police to the supervision of lgus and has wrote a law to fix the date for elections of armm officials  .
supramolecular chemistry can require molecules to distort into thermodynamically disfavored conformations ( for example during the `` slipping  synthesis of rotaxanes )  .
jack b .  johnson to be released after five years in prison .
aphrodite is the eleventh studio album by australian singer kylie minogue  .
derek jeter re-signed by yankees .
new nonprofit aims to push for social mobility ,  educational equity .
omeara to play in greater gwinnett championship .
his style of painting was misty landscapes  .
magnets move magnetic trains in the air .  the train touches nothing – only air .
bartolo does not want to leave him alone with rosina  ,  so he gets figaro ( who is a barber ) to shave him  .
alexander lukashenko visits klimovichi district .
harry kroto ,  nobel laureate who helped discover the buckyball ,  dies at 76 .
ice cube trays are designed to be filled with water  ,  then put in a freezer until the water freezes to ice  ,  thus creating ice cubes  .
the new name is part of a new budweiser campaign .
the motto is nemo me impune lacessit ( latin for `` no one provokes me with impunity  ) ; the same motto is also on the royal coat of arms of the united kingdom for use in scotland and on some pound coins  .
then there is the danger that the ignorant man may easily underdose himself and by exposing his microbes to non-lethal quantities of the drug make them resistant   .
there are currently 14 nobel prize winners and two fields medal winners amongst imperial s alumni and current and former faculty  .
it runs away
another unique waterpark feature is ice skating  .
prices increased at all four disney world parks .
on june 9 2006  ,  tazz left the smackdown  !
the historical photography process used gum arabic mixed with ammonium or potassium dichromate and pigment to create a colored photographic emulsion that becomes relatively insoluble in water upon exposure to ultraviolet light  .
jonas then said her confession was nt true  ,  but her resistance was broken after a violent whipping the next day  .
in 2015 ,  a lot of people buy the selfie stick .
it is said hugo was on vacation when les misérables ( which is over 1200 pages ) was published  .
in london he aligned himself with the tories  ,  advising germain and king george iii to renew the fight against the americans  .
ethnic channels group sponsored the application to get jltv on the approved list  .
it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the title roles  .
stab wound didn’t cause southeast washington man’s death ,  police say .
the area covered what we now call the southern mexican states of chiapas and tabasco  ,  and the yucatán peninsula states of quintana roo  ,  campeche and yucatán  .
sunny baudelaire is one of the main characters from lemony snicket s series of books  ,  a series of unfortunate events  .
the national nutrition policy will be released in moneragala tomorrow .  .
use of a four wheel drive vehicle is recommended to travel across the trail  .
items worn by both women and men include t-shirts  ,  sleeveless shirts  ,  bikini underwear  ,  thongs and g-strings  .
it would not be until 1878 that his work gained any recognition with guardian spirit of the waters  ,  and he published his first album of lithographs  ,  called dans le rêve  ,  in 1879  .
she later went to the main school - italia conti academy of theatre arts - at 11  .
the sole endemic ( found nowhere else ) vertebrate species is a small marsupial carnivore called the kangaroo island dunnart  .
‘superman’ star valerie perrine loses teeth to parkinson’s after brutal brain surgery .
the service works with the security service ( mi5 )  ,  government communications headquarters ( gchq ) and the defense intelligence staff ( dis )  .
grants of land are also awarded to individuals and companies to help develop unused land in relatively unpopulated countries  .
pete fountain ,  who kept dixieland swinging in new orleans ,  dies at 86 .
after voicing grandpa smurf on the smurfs ( 1986-89 ) and papa smurf in the smurfs  ,  winters s final feature movie was the smurfs 2 in 2013  ,  which will be dedicated in his memory  .
in 1799 the washington navy yard was established on the banks of the anacostia river  ,  and provided jobs to craftsmen who built and repaired ships  .
they have an older daughter .  she was a big baby ,  too
his collection is very big .
various combinations that could be considered politically unacceptable-mainly due to implications relating to nazi germany-are disallowed or otherwise avoided  .
a different kind of stormer with a flat load bed is used to carry the shielder minelaying system  .
1 . 2 a second potential anti-predator effect of animal aggregations is the ` many eyes  hypothesis  .
unaccompanied children crossing southern border in greater numbers again ,  raising fears of new migrant crisis .
verizon claims india asked it to block access to certain websites .
her uncle  ,  barry hankerson  ,  was an entertainment lawyer who had been married to gladys knight  .
in the canon law of the catholic church  ,  an act of schism  ,  apostasy or heresy brings the penalty of excommunication  .
in the first game  ,  the bsc young boys played against the olympique marseille  .
the republic of maryland ( also known as the independent state of maryland ) was a small nation of african americans from 1854 to 1857  .
back on the campaign trail ,  clinton speaks about helping families at n . c .  rally .
the town s name comes from an aboriginal word meaning `` along the way  or `` plain with a river   .
the crew stopped the migrants .  the crew raised the access ramp .  they shot water at the migrants ,  too
one of stratigraphy s basic concepts is codified in the law of superposition  ,  which simply states that  ,  in an undeformed stratigraphic sequence  ,  the oldest strata occur at the base of the sequence  .
native new ulm musicians reunite .
they are one month old .  they do not have names .
among the last bushrangers was the kelly gang led by ned kelly  ,  who were captured at glenrowan  ,  victoria in 1880  ,  two years after they were outlawed  .
best-selling author tom clancy dies at 66 .
during the christological controversies of the 4th and 5th centuries they became statements of faith  .
over a three-week period  ,  richards  ,  thorn  ,  and burke were eliminated  ,  with dreamer winning the number one contendership  ,  until estrada announced that there was one more contender in the chase  ,  big daddy v .  v quickly won against dreamer  ,  winning the number one contendership  .
judy garland ( june 10  ,  1922 - june 22  ,  1969 ) was an american actress  ,  singer and vaudevillian  .
donald trump won the us election .  world leaders congratulated him .
.
sea king arrives safely in atlantic beach .
these lights are special .
space company lands rocket that can be used again .
also  ,  although it had a beak  ,  hypsilophodon still had pointed triangular teeth in the front of the jaw  .
allison is the only tropical storm in the atlantic ocean to have its name retired without reaching hurricane strength  .
they should take breaks every hour ,  or walk upstairs .
sporting kansas city are an american football ( soccer ) team that plays in major league soccer in kansas city  ,  kansas  .
molex incorporated to be acquired by koch industries .
thomas potts  ,  the clerk  ,  wrote that after hearing the evidence many of those in court were persuaded of the accused s guilt  .
food inflation rose in september .
botvinnik was admitted in 1928 to leningrad university s mathematics department  .
on may 26 2003 it changed its name  ,  and is now officially called rhein-kreis neuss  .
they also dunk biscuits in tea .  one man takes this to an extreme .
she was born evelyn rothwell  ,  and was always known by that name until after the death of her husband  ,  john barbirolli  ,  when she changed her professional name to `` evelyn barbirolli   .
on 19 october 2002  ,  de jong played for the ajax first team for the first time  .
his reign was marked by the investiture controversy with the papacy and several civil wars with pretenders to his throne in italy and germany  .
after playing for different teams he came to ca metropolitano  .
after philadelphia and pittsburgh  ,  it is pennsylvania s third most populous city  ,  meaning it has the most people  .
he was the first three-term mayor of scranton  ,  pennsylvania  .
the cardinals lost the game 27-23  .
a championship is held in england .  it is the 38th world toe wrestling championship .  it is not a famous sport ,  but people have fun .
islamist party vows to deepen role of islam in bangladesh to avenge execution of party leader .
the least skipper can be found in damp or wet habitats with tall grasses  .
pak condemns terror attacks in jammu region .
jerry nelson ,  astronomer whose telescopes revealed distant reaches ,  dies at 73 .
the number of `` common  food groups can change depending on who is defining them  .
he is an albino .
her life has changed .  she doesnt like being famous and wants her old life back .
center bryan stork informs redskins of plans to report this weekend .
since 2008 when hasbro re-made the toy  ,  the voice actor has been a man called buddy rubino  .
brussels had the fourth highest number of recorded crimes of european capitals ( behind stockholm  ,  amsterdam  ,  and berlin )  .
people do not want him to be president any more .  mugabe agrees to resign .
kara recently started promotions with their third mini-album `` lupin   .
the canadian fights back .
the russian captives who may link syria ,  ukraine and the kremlin’s fight against the opposition .
the rooster stays with him the whole time .  a farm worker says that the rooster protects the goat .
the rivers overflow .  villages and towns are flooded .
apart from her native russian  ,  xenia studied english  ,  french  ,  and german  .
judge in joaquin rams capital murder case suddenly steps down after handling it for 3 years .
japan was the first country to build railway lines for high speed travel  .
`` amor prohibido  reached number one on the u . s .  hot latin songs and number five on the latin regional mexican airplay charts on billboard  .
after his praetorship  ,  caesar was appointed to govern roman spain  ,  but he was still in considerable debt and needed to satisfy his creditors  .
when ibm first released the magnetic disk drive in the 1956 ( ibm 305 ) a single drive would be directly attached to the using system  ,  with each disk managed as a single entity  .
something happens to him .
in world war i red cross nurses came from around the world  ,  including the united states and japan  ,  came to help the medical services of the armed forces of the countries involved in the war in europe  .
the station has a single span wrought iron roof arching over the six platforms on its relatively cramped site  .
oktoberfest is a beer festival .  it takes place in munich ,  germany .
on july 24th of 2008  ,  kara came back with two new members  ,  goo hara and jiyoung  .
hospitals in the usa and saudi arabia can do the surgery .
newton and leibniz developed the calculus based on an intuitive notion of an infinitesimal  .
joseph chamberlain ( 8 july 1836 - 2 july 1914 )  ,  was an important businessman and a politician  .
it also has two university hospitals  ,  akershus university hospital and sunnaas hospital  .
this is very unusual .
paul mccartney returning to candlestick park for venues final concert .
the issei  ,  nisei and sansei generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority  ,  gender  ,  non-japanese involvement  ,  and religious practice  ,  and other matters  .
the new research could help to fight obesity in children .
d . c .  police make arrests in killings in september ,  december .
fabian barnes ,  founder/director of dance institute of washington ,  dies at 56 .
sword - the leader of the death angel squad ( shinigami tenshidan ) sent after kurohime and zero in the fourth volume  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
it also tells countries how to be peaceful .
mike tyson rides a hoverboard ,  and yeah ,  you can guess what happens next .
las vegas food truck community brings free meals to hospitals .
paltrow won the 2011 primetime emmy award for `` outstanding guest actress in a comedy series  for her acting  .
i had so little water that i had to fear the worst .
alan kuo ( chinese : 柯有綸 ; pinyin : kē yǒu lún ) is a taiwanese rock singer and actor  .
dennis woodside leaves motorola mobility for dropbox .
tsai ing-wen is the president of taiwan .
every so often  ,  the growth of claws stops and restarts  ,  just like the growth of hair  .
donald trump would ‘strongly consider’ closing some mosques in the united states .
divine mercy sunday is celebrated the second sunday of easter ( which is the first sunday after easter  ,  during octave )  .
up to that time  ,  alaskans had flown only the u . s .  flag  .
in this never-never land  ,  humble heroes kill adversaries ( enemies )  ,  succeed to kingdoms and marry princesses  .
a significant portion of the wall still exists  ,  particularly the mid-section  ,  and for much of its length the wall can be followed on foot by hadrian s wall path or by cycle on national cycle route 72  .
at the same time the ukmet model had tropical depression four-e remaining offshore mexico  .
inhabitants of lahzien area express satisfaction with service by health station .
hillary clinton ,  who tells dreadful lies .
u . s .  officials say russian government hackers have penetrated energy and nuclear company business networks .
it has a similar  ,  but lesser  ,  effect to caffeine  ,  making it a lesser homolog  .
he was also fortunate that his family s second home was in a completely different area : at bartley lodge in the new forest  ,  england  .
this section of trump’s inaugural address sounds a lot like bane from ‘batman’ .
man fatally stabbed in fairfax county .
after 1858  ,  the school was known as `` col · legi de valldemia  ( in catalan ) or `` colegio de valldemia  ( in spanish )  .
it weighs 706 carats (141 grams) .
the drought no one is talking about in the southeastern united states .
death of fairfax county jail inmate ruled a homicide ,  police say .
costa rica makes 12 fouls .  belgium makes only five fouls .
there is a special beauty pageant in lithuania .  people rate the beauty of goats at this event .
about the crown jewels of england  ,  and those added since the union of the crowns in 1603 the collective term crown jewels denotes the regalia and vestments worn by the sovereign of the united kingdom during the coronation ceremony and at other state functions  .
abandoned truck with atms inside found in southeast washington .
the stockholm convention on persistent organic pollutants lists chemicals that are very hard to destroy  ,  or very toxic  .
85-year-old man dies on everest while attempting to break oldest-climber record .
hernando de soto passed through ocale during his famous journey through what is today the southeastern united states in 1539  .
it was the first time in universal s 26-year history that it had borrowed money for a production  .
‘anyone misplace 9 lbs of weed , ’ d . c .  police asked on twitter .
her songs have been said to have `` crisp production  and `` staccato arrangements  that `` extend genre boundaries  while containing `` old-school  soul music  .
the people there don’t know about electricity ,  hospitals or other things .
two past prosecutions for forged court orders in libel takedown cases .
the airport is 313 feet ( 95 m ) above mean sea level  .
in 1853 wentworth chaired the committee to draft a new constitution for new south wales  .
trump attorney jay sekulow’s family has been paid millions from charities they control .
famous works are for example : in 1979  ,  a large retrospective of beuys  work at the guggenheim museum in new york city confirmed his reputation as one of the most important artists of his time  .
nuclear fission of uranium or plutonium creates a many elements as well as all their isotopes  .
season three ( book 3 : fire ) of avatar : the last airbender  ,  an american animated television series on nickelodeon  ,  first showed its 21 episodes on television from 21 september  ,  2007 to 19 july  ,  2008  .
during 1947-48 he painted in a provocative and crude fauve style  .
years later  ,  momotarō left his parents for an island called onigashima to destroy the evil oni ( demons or ogres ) that lived there  .
he was born in turin to charles emmanuel i  ,  duke of savoy and catherine micaela of austria  .
this army unit was mostly made up of japanese americans from hawaii and the mainland  .
the falklands war happened in 1982 .  argentina and britain fought in this war .
it is 62 tonnes heavy .  the driver of the tank cannot stop ,  but he turns the tank .  thanks to this ,  the driver does not die .
it was written by thucydides  ,  an athenian general who served in that war  .
mandello del lario is an italian town and comune in the province of lecco  ,  in lombardy  .
the phenomenon is caused by convection in the weak upper mantle  ,  or asthenosphere  .
the company said: we think it is polluted outside of our homes ,  but the air inside can be far worse .
amnesty international has also made many public statements and a letter campaign about darabi  .
similarly  ,  drummania from 1999 used a drum kit controller and could be linked with guitarfreaks for simulated jam sessions  ,  several years before the concept appeared in rock band  .
as he takes the contract adina turns to leave  .
food trucks could be a reality this summer in horry county .
the new phones are bad ,  too .  samsung asks people to return all galaxy note 7s .
the pickup stops .  the other man gets out of the car .
white house eyes plan to cut epa staff by one-fifth ,  eliminating key programs .
wentworth returned to sydney in 1824  .
a number of technology firms had set up shop in the area around moffett to serve the navy  .
on december 8  ,  2009  ,  cbs announced that  `` as the world turns would air its last episode in september 2010  .
purandeswari likely to join bjp .
no foul play suspected in case of missing university of maryland student .
moody’s gives howard university’s financial turnaround plan a nod .
when they see the babies ,  the babies are holding hands
red sox tested right off the bat .
commodities close broadly lower; .
this makes childrens bodies weaker .
sloths do not usually go near people .  they usually stay in the forest .
morena baccarin ( born june 2  ,  1979 ) is a brazilian actress  .
prompted by flint water crisis ,  northern va .  schools begin testing for lead .
a man rides a bike in china .  he wants to cross a road .  a car hits him .
yelp to open new office in d . c .  ,  bringing 500 jobs to city’s tech sector .
conditions vary depending on altitude  .
again  ,  while wikipedia is not a dictionary  ,  our sister project wiktionary is  !
in the age of common core ,  states are still defining ‘proficient’ differently .
warrior ( born james brian hellwig ; june 16 1957 - april 8  ,  2014 ) ) was an american professional wrestler  .
over 1 .  8 million people see the video
simple bags  ,  called vesicles or vacuoles  ,  are sometimes made by budding off other membranes  ,  just like how children make bubbles with their toys  .
in 1995 she earned her m . b . a .  with highest distinction  .
halkett s first design was a boat that was made using cloth combined with rubber  .
the clothing which went on top of the gown  ,  as well as leggings  ,  gloves  ,  boots and a hat  ,  were made of waxed leather  .
jay gruden ‘disappointed’ by failed bryan stork deal but confident about centers .
the next night on raw  ,  triple h came out and said to john cena that he underestimated the champ  ,  because he lost at wrestlemania 22 to cena  .
the stonewall inn at the time of the riots was owned by the mafia  .
shopping malls will have libraries that everyone can use .
charles haddon ( c . h .  ) spurgeon ( 19 june 1834 - 31 january 1892 ) was a british baptist preacher  .
kabul is the capital of afghanistan .
aap leader somnath bharti beaten up in varanasi .
however ,  people are not sure .
donald trump plans to immediately deport 2 million to 3 million undocumented immigrants .
the eruption is beautiful .
mongolia has also been in the winter olympic games since 1964  .
she wants the man to do something .  the man gets secret information for her .
learn about canning and food preservation during the world war i era .
today  ,  wakulla has several doctors and dentists  ,  there are several supermarkets and retailers  .
adviser in d . c .  mayor probe cites memory loss in trying to honor plea .
the celtic high crosses of ireland  ,  scotland  ,  and wales are specialized stelae  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
galaxy science fiction was an american science fiction magazine  .
only 13 medals  ,  nine to members of the british army  ,  and four to the australian army have been presented since the second world war  .
mount mazama was destroyed in the battle  .
the jordan commission wasn’t anti-immigration .
d . c .  united ends two-month winless streak with 1-0 victory over colorado .
it is in the pacific .  a tropical storm hits the island .
he taught subjects ranging from theory to welfare economics  ,  public economics  ,  rules for large companies and mathematical economics  .
the city of san francisco renamed a section of 16th street in sarria s honor for his lifetime of activism  .
after the dissolution of the monasteries  ,  the building became a cathedral of secular clergy again  .
this is not the first robbery like this in paris .
how the post did its analysis of classified content in clinton’s emails .
hannibal  ,  which means `` mercy of baal   ,  was the son of hamilcar barca  .
these comprised two squadrons of dive bombers and torpedo bombers  .
he unzips the suitcase .  he finds a black bag inside .
boston’s robert gould shaw and massachusetts 54th regiment memorial is vandalized .
the collection consists of approximately twelve thousand items  ,  including original manuscript poems and letters  ,  correspondence  ,  and photographs  ,  as well as audio and visual recordings  .
during the middle of the muromachi period ( 1336-1600 a . d .  ) it reached its peak of usage  .
.
the very first bridgestone tire was produced on april 9  ,  1930  ,  by the japanese `` tabi  socks tyre division  .
on february 1  ,  1724 ibbenbüren attained municipal rights  ,  which stood among other things in connection with the introduction excise duty  .
survivor : guatemala - the mayan empire ( also known as survivor : guatemala ) was the eleventh season of the american reality show survivor  ,  and was set inside of the ruins of the maya civilization  .
some examples of early parody masses include the missa malheur me bat  ,  missa mater patris  ,  and missa fortuna desperata by josquin desprez  .
the most well-known are : the national theater ( teatro nacional de costa rica ) and the mélico salazar theater present drama  ,  dance performances and concerts year long  .
when the word was initially adopted  ,  it referred to a plan of something  ,  not to the act of actually carrying this plan out  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
insight may occur after a break in mental fixation  ,  allowing the solution to appear transparent and obvious  .
the invariable plane of a planetary system is the plane passing through its barycenter ( center of mass )  .
pr .  william schools superintendent proposes $1 . 08 billion budget .
when she got into the marching band  ,  the director gave her the glockenspiel  ,  an instrument that sounds somewhat like a xylophone  .
it is based on the gtk + 2 toolkit ( formerly used in gnome )  .
presidential elections in azerbaijan held in calm and transparent atmosphere .
a bright ‘buck moon’ rises over washington ,  d . c .  (photos) .
d . c .  officer charged in connection with alleged off-duty road-rage incident .
in 1952  ,  walker was accidentally hit in the right eye by a bb gun fired by one of her brothers  .
the png lng project understood to be ahead of schedule .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
this year ,  she sets another world record .
in 2011 bulgaria ranked 86th out of 182 countries on how corrupt they are thought to be  .
the lyside sulphur or guayacan sulphur ( kricogonia lyside ) is a north american and south american butterfly  .
tim winton  ,  author of the 2001 novel dirt music  ,  made a selection of music to go with his novel  .
it is because of the paris attacks .  people are scared .
courtney love: ``i deserve a second chance .
in 2006  ,  linkin park returned to the recording studio and began writing new songs  .
shooting death of 21-year-old in montgomery village is investigated .
rock steady is the fifth studio album by the american alternative rock band no doubt  .
it has an area of 2 , 156 square kilometres ( 832 sq mi )  ,  making it the eighth largest district in england and the largest non-unitary district  .
he visits a classroom .
it is increasing across the world .
kalashnikov makes the famous ak-47 rifle .
the weirdest thing in the rewrite of no child left behind .
the official name is cashpoint sportclub rheindorf altach  ,  due to sponsorship of austrian sports betting company cashpoint  .
some people don’t want to eat insects .  then they try it ,  and they like it .
its symbol is ( unicode ♋ )  .
the charity films this .
norman r .  brokaw ,  hollywood agent for elvis and marilyn ,  dies at 89 .
the helicopter carries it over the grass .  it looks like it is flying .
the show revolves around the relationship of the two leading characters  ,  katagiri teppei and uesugi riko  ,  who begin their relationship as squabbling colleagues before falling in love  .
boat capsizes in uttar pradesh .
there are many easy-to-see walk this way signs in the stations .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software highlights this release s 52 second install time  ,  32 second scan time  ,  and 7 mb memory utilization  .
there are nerves inside the spine .
when the hungarians arrived in the area  ,  it was in ruins  .
scientists have found how to mass produce blood .
gus schumacher ,  a force in the farm-to-table movement ,  dies at 77 .
most casualties in an explosion are caused by secondary blast injuries  .
rupiah loses more value against us dollar .
adams  ,  born and raised in boston  ,  massachusetts  ,  was brought up in a religious family  .
the word america will be in the same font that ab uses for budweiser .
orlando rapper convicted of armed bank robbery .
italian navy rescues over 1 , 000 migrants in 24 hours .
cell division in the hair matrix is responsible for the cells that will form the major structures of the hair fiber and the inner root sheath  .
these battles of salamis and plataea mark a turning point in the greco-persian wars ; from then on  ,  the greek cities would take the offensive  .
snow piles up at corners .
the art of engraving on gems hardly advanced at all  ,  limiting itself to mass-produced items that lacked originality  .
sartell s proximity to st .  cloud allows for convenient access to st .  cloud regional airport  .
delta announces daily nonstop flight from san diego and seattle .
apoptygma berzerk ( abbreviated to apb or apop ) has toured europe  ,  north america  ,  south america and israel with bands such as vnv nation  ,  beborn beton and unheilig  .
he came second ( with viswanathan anand ) in the fide world chess championship 2005 in san luis with 8 . 5 points out of 14 games  ,  lagging 1 . 5 points behind the winner  ,  veselin topalov  .
max ritvo ,  poet who wrote of his battle with cancer ,  dies at 25 .
his experience as a prisoner of the nazis led to some friction with longtime intellectual collaborator konrad lorenz  ,  and it was several years before the two reconciled  .
first ,  he discusses pornography .
expedia ,  online travel companies win court round .
they’re in the streets of the city .  the animals are dangerous .
he retired in 1950  ,  but he continued to be a legal advisor in laubach  .
andy garcia joins max steel movie .
she needs to go to india to see doctors .  she needs weight reduction surgery .
william shakespeare was born in stratford-upon-avon .  he was born on 23rd april ,  1564 .  he died on 23rd april ,  1616 .
the car drives away .  police catch the driver of this car .
baltimore officers won’t face federal civil rights charges in freddie gray’s death ,  justice department concludes .
women are allowed to lead prayers for congregations where there are only women  .
the three men take police uniforms .
in a bridge built on two foundation piers  ,  there are four cantilever arms : two which span the obstacle  ,  and two anchor arms which extend away from the obstacle  .
the reunion is very emotional .
over 73 million want to work but cannot find a job .
the regional train network is colour-coded purple  .
one of the guards  ,  petar brzica  ,  reportedly cut the throats of about 1 , 360 new arrivals with a butcher knife that became known as srbosjek ( `` serb-cutter  )  .
bette thompson ,  activist who helped transform black md .  enclave ,  dies at 80 .
he was a draughtsman  ,  printmaker  ,  and sculptor  ,  but mainly known as a painter  .
there are 130 of them .
the diary has 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages  .
after his time in russia  ,  it was announced on june 10  ,  2009 that the philadelphia flyers had signed him to a one-year deal for $ 1 . 5 million  .
septicemic ( or septicaemic ) plague is a deadly blood infection  .
owen  ,  in darwin s opinion  ,  was `` spiteful  ,  extremely malignant  ,  clever ; the londoners say he is mad with envy because my book is so talked about   .
proposal would require virginia schools to notify parents of ‘sexually explicit’ literature .
very early in the evolutionary history of amniotes  ,  they split into two main lines  ,  the synapsids and the sauropsids  ,  both of which persist into the modern era  .
benjamin whiso lee ( korean : 이휘소  ,  lee whi-so ) ( january 1  ,  1935 - june 16  ,  1977 ) or ben lee  ,  was a korean-american theoretical physicist  .
what we know about the charitable giving by hillary clinton and donald trump .
nsa has installed malware on 50 , 000 computers around the world .
in 1929  ,  nicholas roerich in collaboration with paris university professor giorge chklaver prepared a draft of an international treaty dedicated to protection of cultural values ( roerich pact )  .
they are also one of the bird groups that have ` powder down   .
tourists in cambodia visit the killing fields and the genocide museum .  they can now go there by bus .
ruby was pressured to implicate me -- .
people voluntarily want to share their money .
matsukata masayoshi ( 松方 正義  ?
some chemical compounds and highly colored samples can interfere with the counting process  .
then  ,  he studied economics at the university of bonn  ,  earning his doctorate  .
the 2000 uefa cup semi-final violence was a number of fights in istanbul  ,  turkey between fans of english football team leeds united and turkish team  ,  galatasaray before their uefa cup semi-final first leg  .
they will stop flying all fighter jets of this same type
the rivers including the jardine  ,  jackson  ,  olive  ,  holroyd and the wenlock are rich in fish  .
university of phoenix sale clears a crucial hurdle .
the confederates started retreating when the center of their line was attacked by the 1st kansas colored infantry  .
she was really proud of herself .
you must never listen to flowers .
ilan pappe takes about plan dalet  ,  a plan that david ben-gurion and the haganah leaders in palestine worked out during autumn 1947 to spring 1948  ,  and explains the details of the plan  ,  and how was it performed  .
lanier ,  bowser say police made arrests in 12 homicides in past month .
dogs of different kinds and sizes take part .
the king didn’t control a big area .
he earned three academy awards  .
lightning bar died in june 1960 from colitis-x  ,  a virus of unknown origin that can kill quickly without warning  .
navy outlasts florida atlantic ,  lightning delays to win opener ,  42-19 .
when listed as an abbreviation  ,  an inline-four engine is listed either as i4 or l4 ( for longitudinal )  .
the word fortification can also mean the practice of improving an area s defense with defensive works  .
frozen hoses hamper efforts to fight fierce blaze in prince george’s .
4 ways for homeowners to get the most out of trendy-but-timeless black .
three-bedroom ,  three-bath townhouse in alexandria listing for $319 , 900 .
diversity group urges redskins to meet with native american leaders opposed to name .
the story is of a hardworking waitress named tiana who dreams of owning her own restaurant  .
someone stepping in it starts to sink  .
the main quake was felt widely across the south island  ,  and in the north island as far north as new plymouth  .
the bc changes during a projectile s flight and stated bcs are always averages for certain distances and speeds  .
maryland’s math scores are mixed ,  but state posts gains in english .
heuristics used to find the entry are called replacement policy  .
d . c .  man sentenced to 40 years in prison for 2013 murder near nightclub .
9 metis is one of the biggest main belt asteroids  .
this happens after a lorry drives into a group of soldiers .
lake huron is one of north america s five great lakes  .
they help him .
as an example of isomer counting  ,  7 structural isomers exist with molecular formula c3h6o  ,  each with different bond connectivities and air-stable at ambient temperature  .
he was a god of the moon .
stonehenge is a ring of giant stones in southwest england .
.   .
he weighs 560 kilograms .
contact metamorphism occurs when magma is injected into the surrounding solid rock ( country rock )  .
lionel messi lifts barcelona with a dramatic goal against real madrid in el clasico .
casley then lodged a claim under the law of tort for $ 52 million in the belief the claim would force a revision of the quota  .
kids eating healthy ?  .
there used to be an apple orchard and a cider press at the house  ,  which is why it is also called the apple tree house  .
in 1997  ,  major league baseball retired his uniform number  ,  42  ,  across all major league teams  .
man claims third of $448 million powerball jackpot .
thalassemia ( or thalassemia ) is a genetic disorder of the blood which originated in the mediterranean region  .
it is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in pakistan  .
injured man at union station may have been shot or stabbed ,  police say .
its legs are about 5 or 6 times the length of its body  .
the chicken eggshell is 95-97 % calcium carbonate crystals  ,  which are held together by a protein matrix  .
he composed music for famous films like the titanic ,  the karate kid ,  avatar ,  and braveheart .
he gets on the road ,  and the wind picks up .  there is a tornado .
during the 21 march 1967 session in which producer george martin added a piano solo  ,  lennon complained that he did not feel well and could not focus  .
david lewiston ,  ‘musical tourist’ who collected the sounds of the world ,  dies at 88 .
wind is the flow of gases  .
4-year-old wounded when 2-year old fires gun accidentally ,  officials say .
karthikeyan made his nascar debut at martinsville speedway on 27 march 2010 in the kroger 250 camping world truck series  .
the countries with the biggest tourism carbon footprints were the usa ,  china ,  india and germany .
s .
in 1752 parts of granville county  ,  bladen county  ,  and johnston county were combined to form orange county  .
reading examples ,  you understand how they make the correct use of language .
it is used as food coloring and in beverages like cola  .
mutual masturbation  ,  the act by which two or more partners stimulate themselves in the presence of each other  ,  allows a couple to reveal the map to their pleasure centers  .
‘one of the good guys’: michael smith had been a dallas police officer for 25 years .
he said: we must never repeat the horrors of war again .
marni nixon ,  uncredited star of hollywood musicals ,  dies at 86 .
although åkerfeldt first believed the band could not finish both albums  ,  opeth completed deliverance and damnation in just seven weeks of studio time  ,  which was the same amount spent on blackwater park alone  .
there is a hypothesis that suggests that besides the cuneiform inscriptions of the urartian language  ,  urartu had a native hieroglyphic writing system  .
his series expeditionen ins tierreich ( expeditions into the animal kingdom ) broadcast on national german television from 1965 to 1991  ,  made him well known in germany  .
chargers’ dontrelle inman stretchered off field .
putin watches the parade with war veterans .  he also lays a wreath outside the kremlin .  he gives a speech .
he said: they told me it was a bad idea .
25-year-old man fatally shot ,  two others injured in southeast d . c .  .
texas teachers give ‘most likely to become a terrorist’ award to 13-year-old .
i have no time to light it again .
khloe kardashian and lamar odom aren’t divorced ,  but they aren’t together ,  either .
the district’s arts scene is already thriving .
the icrc got the only nobel peace prize of the war years  ,  in 1917  ,  for its outstanding wartime work  .
hhs secretary tom price resigns amid criticism for taking charter flights at taxpayer expense .
jojo sues blackground records for release .
the festival was started in 1948 by the benjamin britten  ,  peter pears and the librettist eric crozier  .
one researcher said ,  32 , 000 fewer patients would die in the usa each year if male doctors worked like female doctors .
auckland councillors move to censure len brown .
10 restaurants that almost made it into tom sietsema’s fall dining guide .
it is one of the tallest wooden observation towers in the world  .
include the environment in new columbia’s constitution .
he was drafted by the baltimore ravens in the fourth round of the 2007 nfl draft  .
this year is very hot .  the water is getting hot ,  too .
the central span of 200 ft ( 61 m ) between the towers is split into two equal bascules or leaves  ,  which can be raised to an angle of 83o to allow river traffic to pass  .
to be eligible for election a candidate for the board must be among the chief executive officers of member companies of the organization  .
during the morning of june 15  ,  the jma upgraded it into a tropical depression  .
john `` bradshaw  layfield and orlando jordan were then shown backstage talking about layfield s match against john cena  .
a boy ,  13 ,  is stabbed at british international school in northwest washington .
once they reached the german border  ,  this information was not available  .
addendum : a succinct history of the controversy respecting the cerebral structure of man and the apes p113-118  .
in comparison  ,  belgium had 22 full divisions and 30 divisions when smaller units were included  .
in 1992 pavarotti sang in la scala in a new zeffirelli production of don carlo conducted by riccardo muti  .
in the united kingdom  ,  the video album received a dvd release on january 30  ,  2001 and a vhs release on april 30  ,  2001 by smv enterprises  .
an israeli politician said ,  hundreds of thousands of israelis suffer from the loudspeakers .
it could spread around the world before we know about it .
early voting by latinos may help clinton in several states .
the assyrian genocide took place in the same context and time-period as the armenian and greek genocides  .
they look for survivors after a bomb explodes in ghouta .  the un security council wants to help people in syria .
some fire artists hold a special show .  visitors come watch the sparks fly .
t .  boone pickens  ,  a former texas oilman  ,  is planning to build the world s largest wind farm  ,  called the pampa wind project  ,  as part of the pickens plan  .
it is often considered more of a pilot for the spinoff series lilo & stitch : the series rather than a sequel to the original movie  .
ted leonsis shall replace the hat you tossed for alex ovechkin’s hat trick .
every day i learnt something about the little prince’s planet .
forty-one of them are children .
at the start of august they were running out of food and ammunition and had only a few tanks left  .
a `` flying  frog is a frog that has the ability to glide  .
the washington post to launch retropod podcast .
the following two days the group overdubbed vocals  ,  piano  ,  hammond organ  ,  anvil and guitar  .
lawyers for rick gates ask to leave mueller-probe case ,  citing ‘irreconcilable differences’ with their client .
it is hard to be young and looking for work .
he wants to make america great again .  he wants to create jobs for americans .
the next week  ,  dibiase and rhodes had a rematch  ,  and won the titles back  .
dhaka is the capital and largest city of bangladesh  .
trump’s supreme court unveiling draws 33 million viewers .
the gut flora can prevent pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces  .
smith finished his first season with 50 catches for 841 yards and seven touchdowns  .
in addition  ,  he can inflate a large balloon-like sac from one of his nostrils  .
university of new mexico students join ‘world hijab day’ .
cbeebies cloudbabies heads to germany .
john mcclane is at the washington dulles international airport  ,  waiting for his wife holly s plane to land  ,  and his car gets towed away  .
he screams for help .
two deputies killed in lunchtime shooting at a maryland panera bread .
with the help of his brothers he was less successful in entering the competitive british columbia pulp and paper business  .
she was against war  ,  and when the united states entered world war i in 1917  ,  she spoke out against the draft  .
people commemorate the battle at gallipoli
i saw them years ago .
the app has virtual boyfriends ,  not real men .
it is based on the 1986 book of the same name by winston groom  .
the writer s talent earned him endorsements for the nobel prize nomination from  ,  among others  ,  nobel prize laureates joseph brodsky and czesław miłosz  .
scalia’s traveling companion in texas was a prominent washington lawyer .
a muslim teacher receives an anonymous note about her headscarf: ‘hang yourself with it’ .
her younger sister cared for her  .
his mastery of the expressive language of form and color  ,  in work spanning over a half-century  ,  won him recognition as a leading figure in modern art  .
chiron is blamed for poisoning the tree and dismissed from camp ; tantalus takes his job  .
how the washington post examined suspensions in d . c .  schools .
benny goodman played the song in his concert in carnegie hall in 1938  .
yancey died of a stroke in chicago on september 17  ,  1951  .
everything ?  the king looked at his planet ,  then at the other planets ,  and all the stars .
blakey and silver recorded together several times  ,  like the album a night at birdland in 1954  .
she was educated by governesses  .
it starts on the border with mexico .  it ends on the border with canada .
fairfax county police officer subdues high school student with stun gun .
the woman thinks that this is strange .  she wants a dna test .
marathon bombing survivor engaged to man who saved her .
cierre sin precedentes en el sistema de trenes metro .
he made use of a lot of writers  ,  the most famous was samuel johnson  ,  who was always thankful to cave for having given him his main job for many years  .
at other times the rocks experience other extreme conditions  ,  baking in the sun or exposed to cold winds  .
most recently ,  people see a fire tornado .
hilo is located at 19 ° 42 ′ 20 ″ n 155 ° 5 ′ 9 ″ w \/ 19 . 70556 ° n 155 . 08583 ° w \/ 19 . 70556 ; -155 . 08583 ( 19 . 705520  ,  -155 . 085918 )  .
there are 1646 graves on the island  ,  but only 180  ,  mainly those of prison staff  ,  have a headstone  .
it calls it the tesla model 3 .  the car costs 35 , 000 dollars .
the first shooting was aimed at the national museum of the marine corps in triangle  ,  virginia on october 16  ,  2010  .
sleep apnea tied to gout flares .
crystal lake man in critical condition after being hit by ice cream truck .
jersey telecom is the former monopoly incumbent operator in the bailiwick of jersey  .
greyhound lines provides inter-city bus service to and from the city  ,  and chicago is also the hub for the midwest network of megabus  .
the `` nationals   ,  which now number 22 events every year  ,  are the major events in drag racing that bring together the best cars and drivers from across north america  .
she has placed the caucasian albania in territory of present republic armenia : all the territories  ,  churches and monasteries in republic armenia have appeared albanian   .
cosby sexual-misconduct allegations included in display at african american museum .
metro’s acting chief safety officer resigns .
on february 25  ,  1977  ,  he made an appearance with world wide wrestling federation and officiated a boxing match between gorilla monsoon and andré the giant at the famed madison square garden  .
the eight people will get training .  they must share their harley-davidson experiences on social media .
women pay more for things than men .
honus s older brother  ,  albert `` butts  wagner  ,  was a professional baseball player  .
the island is the largest of the 350 in the canarreos archipelago ( archipiélago de los canarreos )  .
on december 24  ,  1968  ,  the crew of apollo 8 read from the book of genesis on a television broadcast of their mission as they orbited the moon  .
it will preserve old sites in saudis region of al-ula .
in 2008 sam leach s portrait of himself as hitler made the front page of melbourne s newspaper the age  .
in the past ,  the holes in cheese were bigger .  more hay got into the milk ,  then .  today ,  milk is much cleaner
in 2009 ,  he covers a slum in nairobi .  he covers it with pictures of women .
empire of the sun is an australian electronic music group which started in 2007  .
the mall had specially designed seating  ,  flower and garden boxes  ,  more trees  ,  paving  ,  and an extension to the central city tram route  .
the fire starts at the building’s parking lot .
the current market place of hildesheim was made at the start of the 13th century when the city had about 5 , 000 people living there  .
in 2007  ,  di resta switched from single-seaters to race in the deutsche tourenwagen masters ( dtm ) touring car racing series for mercedes  .
in 1787  ,  he entered into mercantile business with his sons richard and henry in saint john  ,  new brunswick  ,  but returned to london to settle permanently in 1791  ,  where he died ten years later  .
watch: bald eagle mom protects baby in storm that spawned tornado in washington .
in 2003  ,  he married actress bridget fonda  .
driver killed after smashing into tram .
at the `` mannheim convention  in 1995  ,  lafontaine was elected chairman of the spd  ,  replacing rudolf scharping  .
dealing with the crumbling fbi headquarters .
they have information about the worlds rich and powerful people not paying tax .
around 600 people die .
some fossils suggest a length of about 10 meters ( 33 feet )  ,  but these fossils are very fragmentary  .
bernie sanders’s idealism and hillary clinton’s pragmatism clash in debate .
many people die .  the situation is worst in oaxaca and chiapas states .
in some cases  ,  keeping minorities out was official town policy  ,  through restrictive covenants written in land deeds  ,  or by agreement between the real estate agents of the community  .
european leaders strike deal to try to keep britain in the e . u .  .
hitler considered edward to be friendly towards nazi germany with edward even in the 1960s saying privately to a friend  ,  lord kinross  ,  `` i never thought hitler was such a bad chap  .
the son of william blessed  ,  a socialist miner  ,  and hilda wall  ,  blessed was born at the montague hospital in the town of mexborough  ,  yorkshire  .
the islands east of the lombok strait are part of wallacea  ,  and have wildlife of asian and australasian origin in this region  .
the jet pushes the turbine s curved blades which reverse the flow  .
a broken heart is a real illness called broken heart syndrome .
einstein used his genius .
king formed his own band ; the b . b .  king review  ,  under the leadership of millard lee and went on tours  .
but the remnant low still its identity for one more day before it dissipated 660 miles ( 1060 km ) southeast of bermuda  .
during the 20s  ,  sejanus gradually accumulated power by influencing tiberius and eliminating potential political opponents  ,  including the emperor s son  ,  drusus  .
the theater was used for operettas  ,  variety and ballet performances  ,  and for concerts  .
a single vote leads to a rare tie for control of the virginia legislature .
the fia published the entry list on 30 november 2010 ( updated 2 december 2010 )  .
jules-henri vernoy de saint-georges and théophile gautier wrote the story of the ballet  .
they usually live in savanna and grassland  ,  though they sometimes live in bushes and forests  .
how to leave the federal reserve if you’re lael brainard .
the global economy is ignoring president trump .  should it ?  .
all games at were played at legion field in birmingham  ,  alabama  .
she made her first appearance at the age of 16 in a television commercial  .
the firefighters take the dog .  they help him by putting on an oxygen mask .
this makes it the new law and the wording of the constitution will be changed  .
a swimming champion said: its something that would make things a little bit more fun…[mixed events] are great to watch .
in his farewell address to the united nations general assembly secretary-general u thant stated that he felt a ` great sense of relief bordering on liberation  on relinquishing the ` burdens of office   .
ebert compiled `` best of the year  movie lists beginning in the 1960s  ,  thereby helping provide an overview of his critical preferences  .
venezuelan opposition skips reconciliation talks with maduro government .
there are about 850 , 000 royal penguins  ,  200 , 000 king penguins  ,  10 , 000 gentoo penguins  ,  and rockhopper penguins with numbers thought to be between 20 , 000 and 1 , 000 , 000  .
angels  ,  who arrive as messengers of god s mercy  ,  say at the end of act 5 : `` he who strives on and lives to strive \/ can earn redemption still  ( i . e .  anyone who tries hard in life can still be saved )  .
it is the first statue that south africa gives to another country .
fleming first appeared on television as a body double for ralph bellamy in a detective series called man against crime  .
its territory is now divided between the italian provinces of trentino and south tyrol  .
the clarion island subspecies is found just off the pacific coast of mexico  .
honk is thankful for  .  .  .  you .
it shoots out lava and ash .
epiphanius ( haeres 62 ) about 375 ad notes that sabellius still had many followers  ,  both in mesopotamia and at rome  .
death toll rises to 9 in south florida nursing home that overheated .
players can form words either diagonally or horizontally  .
blair talks about the iraq war .
a chemical nomenclature is a set of rules for creating a system of names ( `` nomenclature  ) for chemicals  .
applications for jobless benefits drop 24 , 000 .
doctor ,  i have a problem ,  he says .
requiring d . c .  child-care workers to have degrees is a mistake .
will trump’s george w .  bush-bashing backfire in south carolina ?  .
business roundup: ups offers higher pay for seasonal workers .
she was one of the first celebrities and public personalities to do so at a time when few people knew about the disease and organized and hosted the first aids fundraiser in 1984 to benefit aids project los angeles  .
a plane is in the air .  it is flying from the united arab emirates to jakarta .
the protesters want new elections for their president .
today the orchestra s chief conductor is neeme järvi  .
wellconnect offering free cooking demonstration .
ganesh kumar to enter wedlock again ?  .
howard bingham ,  photographer and steadfast friend of ali ,  dies at 77 .
one example is the rainforest cafe restaurants which have the obvious theme of a `` tropical rainforest   .
it is called wadjemup by the noongar tribe  ,  which means land across the water  .
danielle lombard admits: dean ‘was encouraged’ to end relationship in ‘bip’ finale .
this area often has earthquakes .
the australian constitution does not include a bill of rights  .
virginia teen struck and killed by a train while walking on tracks with friends .
incisivosaurus ( `` incisor lizard  ) is a genus of small  ,  probably herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the lower cretaceous of what is now the people s republic of china  .
edgar ray killen ,  mississippi klansman convicted in 1964 civil rights killings ,  dies at 92 .
it misses its friend a lot .
rick warren to return to pulpit for first time since sons suicide .
some of the italian political parties want to control the country .
it is recorded that john kelly built this house in about 1859 when ned was about five years old  .
starbucks wants to help stop this .
lorenzen wright’s ex-wife has been charged with murder in his 2010 slaying .
dylann roof found guilty on all counts in charleston church massacre trial .
volta also studied what we now call capacitance  ,  developing separate means to study both electrical potential v and charge q  ,  and discovering that for a given object they are proportional  .
other photosensitive receptors in plants include phytochromes that sense red light  ,  and cryptochromes that sense blue light  .
it is a great achievement ,  but it can also be his last .
after maxwell s death in 1991  ,  the mirror went through a protracted crisis before merging with the regional newspaper group trinity to form trinity mirror in 1999  .
it was founded as juke box records in 1946  ,  but renamed by its owner art rupe when separated from some of his former partners  .
many european countries still wont help refugees .
it destroys many houses and roads .  some people have no electricity .

in the latin rite of the catholic church  ,  the venerable  ,  is the style used for a person who has been posthumously declared `` heroic in virtue  during the investigation and process leading to possible canonization as a saint  .
jerry lee lewis ( born september 29  ,  1935 ) is an american musician  .
larry drake ,  actor who won successive emmys on l . a .  law ,  dies at 66 .
the father said he knew his son had a good idea .  he wanted him to continue .
you can feel it in rome .  buildings in rome shake for 20 seconds .  people die in the earthquake .
boere was born in eschweiler  ,  germany to a dutch father and german mother  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
certain animals can digest cellulose  ,  because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut  .
us park police investigating vandalism at lincoln memorial .
harry m .  woodward first described a mathematical relationship between the duration and intervals of the eruptions ( 1938 )  .
the tower is 35 .
a statistical hypothesis test is a method used in statistics  .
although stephenie made strong impression on her new tribe  ,  stephenie became a target due to her strength  .
some were leopard-sized  ,  others the size of today s lions and tigers  ,  and one had the short face  ,  rounded skull and smaller canines of the modern cheetah  .
she shows everyone that people with disabilities can have talent .
the formation of the modern andes began with the events of the triassic and jurassic when pangea begun to break up and several rifts developed  .
his orchestral works include spanish rhapsody ( 1887 ) and catalonia ( 1899 )  .
one woman says that south africans are mourning the death of their ‘mother’ .  she also says that they are celebrating her life .
donald trump discovers haiti .
various districts in the city housed people from across the teotihuacano region of influence that spread south as far as guatemala  .
the concept of closures was developed in the 1960s and was first fully implemented as a language feature in the programming language scheme  .
he returned to his home at 15 buckingham street to find a bailiff at the door and his home and property seized  .
robert toshio kuroda ( november 8  ,  1922-october 20  ,  1944 ) was a united states army soldier  .
northern ireland wants to protect its children .
along the coast of north carolina  ,  waves were 10 to 12 feet ( 3 . 0 to 3 . 7 m ) high  .
the 1928 summer olympics  ,  officially known as the games of the ix olympiad  ,  were held at amsterdam in the netherlands  .
police say that this is a mass murder .
he received some special property rights and benefits from being classed as a `` first comer  or mayflower passenger  .
neuroscientists identify white matter ``scaffold of human brain .
during the minority of her son  ,  grand duke ferdinando ii  ,  she and her mother-in-law christina of lorraine acted as regents  .
they are scared because the thieves are dangerous .  there is one security guard .
also  ,  the water that the colonists drank was brackish and only drinkable half the year  .
scientists create martian clouds on earth .
the first match of the new sv austria salzburg was played on 29 july 2006 against lieferinger sv  ,  another football club from the city of salzburg  .
winning the decathlon title made jenner an american hero  .
five people injured in metrobus crash in southeast washington .
at least 31 reported killed in fighting between armenian ,  azerbaijani forces .
they are successful .
lake charles man accused of rape .
fewer employees on leave for alleged abuse or neglect in md .  school system .
d .  c .  police: bank robber hits two banks on the same day .
tesco brings f&f clothing business to us .
his tactic is good and it is important
ceratosauria includes the upper jurassic to upper cretaceous theropods ceratosaurus  ,  elaphrosaurus  ,  and abelisaurus  ,  found mainly in the southern hemisphere  .
there are over 130 , 000 recognized species  ,  with many more remaining to be described  .
green light is an r&b \/ funk song written by beyoncé knowles  ,  sean garrett  ,  and pharrell williams for knowles  second solo studio album  ,  bday ( 2006 )  .
uruk gives its name to the uruk period  ,  the protohistoric chalcolithic to early bronze age period in the history of mesopotamia  ,  about 4000 to 3100 bc  .
iran says no progress in nuclear talks .
they are in two groups .  one group is for men .
small planes move it .  in 2014 ,  they moved around 180 tonnes of cocaine .
this marked a turning point that led to the end of england s part in the conflict 40 years later  .
people must not swim in the pool when the shark is there .  however ,  many people come to have a look at the shark .
others said the gorilla was protecting him .
rahm emanuel just lost it on politico’s mike allen ,  and boy was it awkward .
fixing the most expensive tax deduction .
in september 2010  ,  blessed recorded the voiceover to sheherazade  ,  or the princess  ,  the pirate and the baboon  !
the 1971 atlantic hurricane season was from june 1  ,  1971 to november 30  ,  1971  .
this sound may attract females  ,  or may be used by the males to say what territory is theirs or their readiness for breeding  .
police arrested ten people last year at the event
it is used to make blue glass  .
sixteen buffaloes fight at the finals .
the eyewall collapsed quite a lot  ,  and helene weakened into a category 2 hurricane  ,  where it stayed for about 48 hours until september 20 because of a long eyewall replacement cycle and a stretched out cloud pattern  .
the eastern side of the park is 93 kilometres ( 58 mi ) west of hobart and the park stretches to the west and south coasts  .
two workers severely burned in explosion south of edmonton .
the university of california  ,  santa barbara ( also referred to as ucsb and uc santa barbara ) is a research university in santa barbara  ,  california  ,  united states  .
a sculptor makes a chocolate statue of vladimir putin .
it is the seventh film in the series .
between 1860 and 1994  ,  the city was also the capital of the province of transvaal  .
their first album the jayhawks was released in 1986  .
north dakota’s fighting sioux nickname is banned except when it isn’t .
phillips exeter academy was made three years later in exeter  ,  new hampshire by samuel phillips  uncle john  .
the first public demonstration took place on october 8  ,  1906  ,  but nessler had been working on the idea since 1896  .
chinas building second aircraft carrier .
audiofile magazine praised the audiobook  ,  saying both adults and children will be `` spellbound  when they listen to `` this deeply imaginative tale unfold  .
here is news from a zoo in denmark .  a mother rhino gives birth to a baby rhino there .
his sound combines the styles of jump blues  ,  west coast blues and chicago blues  .
the other side has a seven pointed star  ,  with the words `` for contribution made to australian society  around the edge  .
what a presidential president would have said about his first year .
he took maggie brook  ,  his mistress of several years  ,  leaving his wife in australia  .
waley was born in tunbridge wells  ,  kent england  ,  as arthur david schloss  .
police investigate sexual assault at apartment complex .
once they have identified an invader  ,  the cells respond to remove pathogens or pathogen-infected cells  .
there are many fires this year .
mortimer sees her and quickly calls his old friend  ,  dr lyster  ,  to heal cecilia  .
thousands of people come to the field .  they want to see the circle .
they destroy homes .
it is trying to give people more information about eating disorders .
they call a hovercraft .  the hovercraft saves the children .
euroa has several retirement villages  ,  one high school  ,  and two primary schools  .
cashmere high school at rose street is the second largest co-educational secondary school  .
a free voluntary reading program is to help students to enjoy reading  ,  so there are often no grades  .
the mullions then branch out and cross  ,  intersecting to fill the top part of the window with a mesh of elaborate patterns called tracery  .
to start her own fungus garden  ,  the queen stores bits of the parental fungus garden mycelium in a pocket in her mouth  .
something bad happens in new york .
broner vows to ``take over boxing .
us threat to withdraw could encourage the enemy .
it does not work well .  many people have no electricity .
it is also the capital of 4 cantons : auch-nord-est  ,  auch-nord-ouest  ,  auch-sud-est-seissan and auch-sud-ouest auch is the historical capital of gascony and the people of this city are known  ,  in french  ,  as auscitain ( women : auscitaines )  .
president trump confused lee greenwood ,  the singer ,  with my fantasy football commissioner .
experts from a university come .
specialized english was set up initially by feba radio in the uk  .
soccer star brandi chastain pledges to donate her brain to cte research for women .
public schools closed today; .
greenbergers celebrate 50th wedding anniversary .
the winner was given a championship match for the wwe  ,  world heavyweight  ,  or ecw championship at wrestlemania xxv  .
the city of london has its own mayor  ,  the lord mayor of london  ,  an office separate from ( and much older than ) the mayor of london  .
she puts acid on him .
the movie s success at the box office and on dvd led to a franchise  ,  with four direct-to-video sequels and a television series that lasted two seasons  .
third person from jan .  7 crash on new york avenue has died .
they travel at 120 miles per hour (75 kilometres per hour) .
u . s .  will expand counterterrorism focus in africa ,  mattis tells senators .
selena started recording the first song for the album  ,  `` i could fall in love   ,  in late 1994  .
in his nobel prize autobiography he says  ,  `` in some places  ,  my birthplace is listed as calvert city  ,  kentucky and in others possum trot ( both in marshall county )  .
fairfax abortion clinic’s license suspended by virginia health department .
the police find something in the building .  they find drugs and guns .
in december 1964 construction workers in stepney  ,  london  ,  accidentally found anne s coffin  .
selmer norland ,  american who worked at bletchley park ,  dies at 99 .
p376 smyslov was a candidate for the world chess championship on eight occasions ( 1948  ,  1950  ,  1953  ,  1956  ,  1959  ,  1965  ,  1983  ,  and 1985 )  .
suddenly ,  the train is behind the man .
the richer you are ,  the less kind you are .
one farmer brings a lamb .
also ,  the meerkats have presents under a mini christmas tree .
the school rented the property s existing building  ,  and a new building was constructed behind it to house the school s facilities  .
she is not injured seriously ,  but she goes to hospital
the band was started in olympia  ,  washington by kathleen hanna ( vocals )  ,  billy karren ( guitar )  ,  kathi wilcox ( bass )  ,  and tobi vail ( drums )  .
probably the more outstanding recognition as soon as to the esteem of savate came in 1924 when had been included as sport of exhibition in the olympic games of paris  .
jalimadi launches debut album .
police: unidentified man sexually assaults woman in arlington home .
the first recorded use of golden as a color name in english was in the year 1300 to refer to the element gold and in 1423 to refer to blonde hair  .
people organise it every year in las vegas .
was an old province of japan in the area of saga prefecture and nagasaki prefecture on the island of kyūshū  .
paris opéra or the opéra national de paris is the most important opera company of france  .
rap star professor green arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .
how fever in early pregnancy may lead to birth defects .
the resulting reaction increased the temperature inside the tank to reach over 200 ° c ( 392 ° f )  .
tensions easing between australia and indonesia .
this was the first time that hart made a live appearance on raw in over 12 years  .
set in the late 19th century  ,  it centers on the life of the dutch trader kaspar almayer in the borneo jungle and his relationship to his half-caste daughter nina  .
cough medicines are also not recommended for use in children due to a lack of evidence supporting effectiveness and the risk for harm  .
islamic state claims attack on pakistani consulate in afghanistan .
their office in brisbane was closed in february 2009  .
it is part of wwe s `` classic five  pay-per-views  ,  along with wrestlemania  ,  survivor series  ,  summerslam  ,  and king of the ring  .
however  ,  calvin was most interested in trying to change his homeland  ,  france  .
what trumps public health emergency declaration means for the opioid crisis .
baldwin iv  ,  born c .  980  ,  was the son of arnulf ii  ,  count of flanders and rozala of ivrea  .
the idol of al-lāt and other signs of the city s previously pagan past were destroyed  .
public hospital staff put at risk by management ,  government bodies .
it was released on october 10  ,  1995 on trauma records  .
cosimo iii had three children with marguerite louise dorléans  ,  a granddaughter of henry iv of france :
toy story had two sequels  ,  toy story 2 released in 1999 and toy story 3 released in 2010  .
democratic debate exposes sharp differences on syria ,  guns and taxes .
vera caslavska ,  olympic gymnast and national heroine to czechs ,  dies at 74 .
they have around a 100 of them at home .
watching tv all day is also unhealthy because we eat snacks .
british explorer dies after solo trek across antarctica ends just short of goal .
ben carson surges past donald trump in iowa .
in fact  ,  all higher plants ( embryophytes ) are believed to have evolved from a common ancestor that is a sort of green algae - the idea being that chlorophyll has evolved only once ( common ancestor )  .
maryland may scrap touch-screen machines for early voting ,  too .
student aid increased during recession .
the woman looks happy .
sorai was born the second son of a samurai ( a warrior ) who served as the personal physician of tokugawa tsunayoshi ( 徳川綱吉 )  .
d . c .  police identify man fatally shot near library in anacostia .
finally ,  children do not exercise ,  so they are not tired .
a lot of the panhandle is part of the tongass national forest  ,  which is the biggest national forest in the united states  .
the controversial barcode designed was recently removed by ferrari for the start of the 2010 spanish grand prix  .
foxe died on the 8th of april 1587 and was buried at st .  giles s  ,  cripplegate  .
transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements  .
total life span is 1-2 years on average  .
com do not simply write instead of you .
it achieved records on bet s top ten countdown show 106 & park  .
his girlfriend goes to prison for 17 years .
turkey appoints new military commanders .
eleanor catton reads from the luminaries .
evgeni viktorovich nabokov ( russian : евге́ний ви́кторович набо́ков ) ( born july 25  ,  1975 in ust-kamenogorsk  ,  u . s . s . r .   ,  now kazakhstan )  ,  is a professional ice hockey goaltender for the new york islanders of the national hockey league  .
this species is the largest bat ( chiroptera ) in the new world  .
youtube will also delete videos that could get people to become terrorists .
gatehouse media emerges from bankruptcy .
south and north korea will use the same flag at the winter olympics .
the company hopes that the drone will bring internet to all people .
the area to the south  ,  is a part of queensland ) called the gulf country or simply `` the gulf  .
negative one has some similar properties as positive one  .
he won a scholarship to the local music conservatory  ,  where he learned to play the cello  .
former israeli prime minister olmert starts 19-month jail sentence .
this gave her the shortest women s championship reign in wwe history  .
models must be very thin to get work .
everybody is fine
liquiglide said the surface is important and helpful ,  like the wheel .
the m1 abrams is a modern main battle tank used by the united states  .
the finns  first tank battle was not a success  .
st .  poelten plays in the austrian football first league  ,  the second division in the austrian football league system  .
he went to rome in 1477  ,  at the age of twenty  ,  and there he met important persons of the church  .
5 million to make .
the other one dies in louisiana .  the killings start a debate .
15 things to do in the d . c .  area on thanksgiving weekend .
gilgit baltistan  ,  which became a single administrative unit in 1970  ,  was formed from the amalgamation of the gilgit agency  ,  the baltistan district of the ladakh wazarat  ,  and the states of hunza and nagar  .
what antonin scalia’s death means for the presidential campaign .
five of them are children .  another 119 people are injured .
some examples of text following a colon : in european languages  ,  the colon is usually followed by a lowercase letter ( again  ,  unless the uppercase is due to other reasons  ,  such as a proper noun )  .
brazil’s rousseff faces likely impeachment after house speaker changes mind on key vote .
many people think that ultra is not very strong in italy .  however ,  it is still a problem
three employees fatally shot at bowie restaurant early sunday .
g minor is the only minor key he used as a main key for his numbered symphonies ( no .  25  ,  and the famous no .  40 )  .
the robot looks like a dog .  it has four legs .
adam clayton ( born 13 march 1960 in chinnor  ,  oxfordshire  ,  england ) is the bassist for the rock band u2  .
hedge fund acquires stake in connectone in englewood cliffs .
now tilikum is ill .  it dies in january ,  2017
college football playoff rankings: will this be the week when nothing happens ?  .
mark warner warns against attacks on muslims’ religious freedom .
after the foundation of tel aviv in 1909 the clubs name was changed into maccabi tel aviv  .
speed of sound is a boomerang coaster in walibi holland in the netherlands  .
he was the only person of african heritage sent to the senate in the 20th century until democrat carol moseley braun of illinois in 1993  .
the bones are around 90 million years old .
you can watch meteor showers .  they are beautiful .
by 2008  ,  jordan s youtube page had reached a million views  .
the box step is a dance figure named so because the steps are made in the four corners of a square  .
andy pettitte announces retirement from baseball .
he trains as a lawyer .  he becomes a vice mayor of davao .
the following are required for the membership application : started in 1953  ,  the mpse has annually presented awards to sound editors in the following categories : the categories are further broken down based on specific genres and between feature film s and television shows  .
hillary clinton’s victory speech ,  translated .
built during the safavids period  ,  it is an excellent example of the islamic architecture of iran  .
the driver gets out and looks at his car .
the weather is nice .  everybody has a good time .
the `` suga mama  music video was released to uk music channels in april 2007  .
lloyd shapley ,  who shared the 2012 nobel prize in economics ,  dies at 92 .
alexandria mayor: we’re working on solving the sewage overflow .
it is developed by microsoft  .
during ramadan  ,  they are sometimes eaten as part of an iftar  ,  the meal which breaks the daily fast after sunset  .
it is sponsored by the drinks company gerolsteiner brunnen and the bike company `` specialized   .
taipei 101 was the tallest building in the world .
trump: ‘criminals who kill police officers should get the death penalty’ .
four people die .  one person is missing .
gearless traction machines are low speed ( low rpm )  ,  high torque electric motors powered either by ac or dc  .
they fly from the russian arctic to britain .  this is 7 , 242 kilometres across 11 countries .
the city s nickname is `` the rocket city  for its close history with u . s .  space missions  .
mac os x v10  . 5 leopard was released on october 26  ,  2007  .
the communities along the southern edge of the bay are known as the south bay  ,  santa clara valley  ,  and silicon valley  .
in 2006  ,  def leppard releases their album `` yeah   .
todd bodine ( february 27  ,  1964 in chemung  ,  new york ) is an american racecar driver  .
it vibrates when there is something in front of them .  it vibrates when other runners get close .
the sinking of the passenger liner ss simon bolivar in november 1939  ,  with 84 dead  ,  shocked the nation  .
though the citar hari gopalan wrote the book akilam  ,  as per him  ,  he did not know any thing about the contents of the book  .
juan manuel fangio  ,  a previous champion the 1951 season transferred mid-season from maserati to mercedes-benz for their debut at the french grand prix on july 4  ,  1954  .
the dog and the cheetah are beautiful .
the fbi wants apple to unlock the phone of a terrorist .  the man killed 14 people in california in december .
monte irvin ,  hall of fame baseball star who began in negro leagues ,  dies at 96 .
her first day at work is in 1972 .
flitcroft - we threw it away .
the washington post expands 202 newsletter franchise to cybersecurity ,  defense and technology sectors .
brooke mueller - brooke mueller to be released from rehab .
in addition to the afghan deposits  ,  lapis has been extracted for many years in the andes ( near ovalle  ,  chile )  ,  the lake baikal region of russia -rcb- ; siberia ; angola ; argentina ; burma ; pakistan ; canada ; india ; and in the usa in california and colorado  .
and there were no other people who would need a street lamp .
the villagers believe that the church bell came from the nearby village of brechelsdorf  .
funds to save land at five virginia battlefields sought .
in february 2013  ,  her involvement with the eurovision song contest will continue as she will host unser song für malmö  ,  the german national final  .
in 1952  ,  todd made a production of the johann strauss ii operetta  ,  a night in venice  ,  complete with floating gondolas at the then-newly constructed jones beach theatre in long island  ,  new york  .
miley cyrus sends liam hemsworths clothes to thrift shop .
a typical activity is hanging  ,  where they inspect a branch or twig and leaves from all angles while hanging upside down to feed  .
in 2014 slowdive got back together to play the 2014 primavera sound festival in barcelona from may 29-31  .
ebola is a deadly disease .  everything started in march .
he also investigated the killing of rabbi meir kahane  ,  the al qaeda new york city bombing plots before the september 11 attacks and the libyan-backed terrorist attacks against diplomats in sanaa and khartoum  .
he was raised by an adoptive mother  ,  mabel michener  ,  in doylestown  ,  pennsylvania  .
tributes paid to teenager who died after falling into weymouth harbour .
virginia man intended to kill police officers when he hit them in d . c .  ,  prosecutors said .
trump dives into virginia governor’s race ,  attacks democrat via tweet .
flowers believe that their thorns are terrible weapons .
when he gets older ,  he will be only brown
the b-side is a cover of the stooges  `` no fun  which they played on the spot without a proper rehearsal  .
a postal workers union delivers an endorsement to bernie sanders .
pakistani leaders knew osama bin laden was in pakistan ,  says former defense minister .
the tertiary colors are orange  ,  made by mixing red and yellow ; chartreuse green ( yellow-green )  ,  made by mixing green and yellow ; spring green  ,  made by mixing green and cyan ; azure  ,  made by mixing blue and cyan ; violet  ,  made by mixing blue and magenta ; and rose  ,  made by mixing red and magenta  .
how hurricane harvey will impact prices at the gas pump .
the royal status of the nawab was abolished by the government of pakistan in 1972  .
the ceos of tesla and uber are now advising president-elect trump .
the basic number of chromosomes in the somatic ( body ) cells of an individual or a species is called the somatic number and is designated 2n  .
ex-wwe star alberto del rio says he was repeatedly stabbed outside of a restaurant .
when the master first appeared in january 1971 he was played by roger delgado  ,  who continued in the role until his death in 1973  .
kelly osbourne calls off engagement .
he really loves to surf .
eega fame nani meets his favourite star kamal haasan .
clements faced heavily democratic state legislatures  .
his experience of death and destruction is a central theme in at least six of his other books  .
a man plays this creature .
organised gangs are in ultra .  they cause violence in rome .
an elephant is born .  her name is nandita .
the iso 4217 code list is the common way in banking and business  ,  all over the world  ,  for defining different currencies  .
on february 22  ,  2006  ,  at 6:55 a . m .  local time ( 0355 utc ) explosions occurred at the mosque  .
they see the animal .  they want to help it .
the person or company who sent the unwanted email is called a spammer  .
in addition to lead singers ronnie james dio  ,  graham bonnet  ,  joe lynn turner and doogie white  ,  the project consisted of numerous backing musicians  .
he retired on 17 july 1920  ,  having become a colonel  .
the upgrade of 1871 was complementary to some of the larger fortifications being constructed during the same period  .
each department has a local government with a governor and assembly directly elected to four-year terms  .
appeals court orders lower court to consider transgender bathroom case .
a bill in virginia that would have helped the poor .
he draws many cities .  at the moment ,  he is working on mexico city .
the storm dropped 3 . 43 in ( 87 mm ) in wilmington  ,  north carolina  .
the wave had deep convection  ,  was able to form a closed llc and had 35 mi\/h ( 56 km\/h ) winds as measured by quikscat on february 24  ,  2006  .
how donald trump destroyed the republican party in 2015 .
not many people have problems because of coffee .
when they have the right fur ,  they can jump into the cold water .
it would be easy to see zealandia is a continent if you could pull a plug and let the water out of the worlds oceans .
ex-boyfriend charged with killing coordinator of church youth ministry .
kellner was loyal to the kaiser s regime  ,  but still he welcomed the birth of the german democracy after the war  .
rambhadradas was made jagadguru ramanandacharya seated at the tulsi peeth by the kashi vidwat parishad in varanasi on 24 june 1988  ,  and this order was supported by the mahants of three akharas  ,  the four sub-sampradayas  ,  the khalsas and saints of the ramananda sampradaya on 3 february 1989  ,  at the kumbh mela in allahabad  .
several different kinds of moths are commonly regarded as pests because their larvae eat fabric such as clothes and blankets made from natural fibers such as wool or silk  .
the main ingredients of gochujang are red chili powder  ,  glutinous rice powder mixed with powdered fermented soybeans  ,  and salt  .
the economy of santa fe de antioquia is based on agriculture  .
in 1883 a young belgian called sylvain de jong settled in antwerp  ,  belgium  .
the sandstone for this temple  ,  including all the columns  ,  was transported from gebel silsila 100 miles south on the nile river  .
queen elizabeth ii is 90 years old .
boko haram named terror organization .
metro: we’re getting better ,  give us another chance .
prince george’s lawmakers may replace their car allowances with a $10 , 000 raise .
8 metres long .  it weighs between 10 to 15 tonnes
shue grew up in bergen and essex counties in new jersey  .
smoked and salted cod roe paste is very popular in sweden  .
the boy says ,  why did you leave me ?
richard arthur brabazon ponsonby-fane ( 8 january 1878 - 10 december 1937 ) was a british public servant  ,  colonial administrator  ,  academic  ,  author  ,  and japanologist  .
the usa is not happy about this
during this time  ,  one of his quotes became famous : on november 21  ,  2009 he was taken to pichilemu hospital  ,  and died three days later of pneumonia at the age of 88  .
in october  ,  2005 she founded aice5  ,  a j-pop supergroup made up of 4 other voice actors  ,  to help launch their careers  .
the sculptures look like many things ,  like animals ,  for example .
audiences and critics took notice of lynch for her oddball role in judd apatow s the 40-year-old virgin  .
his idea of soft inheritance was a reflection of the folk wisdom of the time  ,  accepted by many natural historians  .
flórez s first big breakthrough came in 1996  ,  at the rossini festival in the italian city of pesaro  ,  rossini s birthplace  .
the plane turns around .  it flies back to barcelona .
sufjan is an arabic name that famously belonged to abu sufyan  ,  a man from early islamic history  .
state senator cecil staton not seeking re-election .
the senate had ordered sempronius longus to bring his army from sicily to meet scipio and face hannibal  .
nadal advances to quarterfinals at australian open .
the situation may get better or worse .
at the beginning of the video ,  the polar bear is only 7 days old .
in 2011  ,  he started the `` frank ticheli composition scholarship  ,   which will be awarded each year to a student who is starting to study composition in graduate school  .
months later  ,  catherine and arthur became ill  ,  possibly from sweating sickness which was sweeping the area at the time  .
how to become internet-famous in under a year .
josh dugan to miss a month of nrl .
concert tours are notable if they have received significant coverage in independent reliable sources  .
they know of a few hundred wikis  .
the husband and wife win beer and money .  the money comes in cash .
in the fourth type  ,  the plus level  ,  mario has to turn on one mini-mario with a key and take it to the door  .
leonardo s earliest known work is a drawing in pen and ink of the arno river valley  .
all education  ,  however  ,  at the high school level was in english or afrikaans  .
i flew with explosives in my shoe .
federal police officer accidentally shoots self in leg on pennsylvania avenue .
derby s town and county museum in the 1830 s included gawler in its list of principal benefactors  .
they like the moment .  the young woman is happy
in 1843  ,  john couch adams calculated the orbit of an eighth planet that would possibly be influencing the orbit of uranus  .
coconut water is often marketed as a sports drink because of its high potassium and minerals which helps the body recover from exercise  .
some of there became the major galaxies  ,  like the milky way and other galaxies in our galactic neighborhood  .
his family is very sad .  he has a funeral .
a truck crash spills gravel onto part of northbound i-95 in woodbridge .
the heterokonts or stramenopiles are a major line of eukaryotes with more than 100 , 000 known species  ,  most of them diatoms  .
we lost three trillion trees .
single men are having less sex than you think .
consonant sounds should be pronounced as shown below : vowel sounds should be pronounced as shown below : when a certain sound is pronounced by some speakers but not by others  ,  the sound is put inside parentheses ( round brackets )  .
the horse is small but very strong .
important note : if an article does not meet these notability guidelines  ,  it is not a reason for quick deletion  .
carrie underwood: at the top of her game and loving it .
about 8 to 10 days later  ,  the virus spreads to the mosquito s salivary glands  ,  which make saliva ( or `` spit  )  .
man arrested for allegedly stabbing his mother to death .
now they can post about it online from the top of the mountain .
because of the different location of the second object  ,  it was given a fresh designation  ,  although their interpretation as a single object on a f-ring crossing orbit is also possible  .
eu ,  mexico to speed up trade talks amid trump fallout .
rangers fans welcome reports dave king is expected to jet into glasgow .
preparatory work started at a site on bessborough gardens near to vauxhall bridge road in may 1967  .
elsewhere  ,  tropical storm julio made landfall in mexico  ,  and tropical storm boris dumped torrential rain along the mexican coast  ,  although it remained offshore  .
the pardoner s prologue and tale is a story that is a part of the the canterbury tales by english writer  ,  geoffrey chaucer  .
older mothers worry less when pregnant .
he won the kenny yana award at the end of the 2002 season as well  ,  as he helped lead iowa to the big ten title and 11-2 record  .
boards of canada ( commonly abbreviated boc ) are a scottish electronic music duo of two brothers mike sandison ( born june 1  ,  1970 ) and marcus eoin ( born july 21  ,  1971 )  .
colin welland ,  oscar-winning writer of ‘chariots of fire , ’ dies at 81 .
the government wants there to be more recycling .
the study was on monkeys ,  but it could also be true for humans .
within two years yulia learned to speak english  ,  passed all of her senior high school exams at cashmere high school in christchurch and signed a recording deal with sony music new zealand  .
he also appeared in the thriller assassins ( 1995 ) with the other stars julianne moore and antonio banderas  .
i own a flower ,  he continued .
dennis green ,  coach of high-powered minnesota vikings in the 1990s ,  dies at 67 .
this includes pulling out a tooth .
photos show the roof of the building completely submerged at the height of the tsunami  .
as such  ,  it could be considered a sort of gui  ,  albeit much more primitive than the later unix  ,  windows and macintosh based gui im programs  .
bruce springsteen cancels north carolina concert to protest bathroom law .
note that because of the presence of the cross product  ,  the above formulas only work for surfaces embedded in three dimensional space  .
it debuted at 30 on the us billboard 200 with around 87 , 000 copies sold in its first week  ,  and has sold more than 1 . 8 million copies worldwide  .
thai basil has small  ,  narrow leaves and purple stems  .
sap profits up 23 percent as cloud computing grows .
john von neumann coined the term `` hilbert space  for the abstract concept underlying many of these diverse applications  .
some sharks are oviparous  ,  laying their eggs in the water  .
at a certain distance  ,  these edges overlap  .
stephen colbert replacing david letterman: .
an american comes to zimbabwe .  he shoots a lion .
residents along path of proposed purple line told to move fences ,  sheds .
amanda bynes has checked out of rehab .
several mailboxes broken into in oro valley .
at clash of the champions xxiii  ,  austin and pillman competed in a two-out-of-three-falls tag team title match against ric flair and arn anderson  .
it led to the surrender of the florentine republic and control by the medici family  .
they increased the number of british soldiers  ,  and allowed only british soldiers to handle artillery  .
replace alexandria’s confederate soldier statue .
woody allen to receive cecil b .  demille award .
although the new party had more liberals  ,  hughes became its leader with cook as his deputy  .
former metro officer accused of trying to aid isis moved out of alexandria jail .
british airways flight disrupted by unruly passenger .
a visionary state can be achieved via meditation  ,  drugs  ,  lucid dreams  ,  daydreams  ,  or art  .
the 3rd division s attack was part of a large attack by the u . s .  vi corps to move out of the anzio beach  .
they want money from the government .  they get just under 100 pounds a year .  they want 50 pounds a month .
with metro’s safetrack surge #8 ,  we’re past the halfway point .
nicknamed the `` oricon comet  for her success in japan  ,  she has currently released eight singles and one album in that country with varying degrees of success  .
setting this record is not easy .  the man is very happy
at the end ,  he is not .  he lost 50 pounds (23 kilograms) .  the man did not finish the trail .
5 years ago .
her gender is a major reason for clinton’s unpopularity .
junker was a nazi rank that was used by the ss between the years of 1933 and 1945  .
it shows a destroyed city .  there are turkish flags on the buildings .
five key moments from virginia’s first televised gubernatorial debate .
a new report describes life in 2116 .
wozzeck is an opera by the austrian composer alban berg ( 1885-1935 )  .
pretty good privacy ( pgp ) is a computer program that provides cryptographic privacy and authentication  .
college park should not let illegal immigrants vote .
the world war ii technology that will didn’t mention .
the job is on the usajobs .
another donkey is the world record holder .  he is 40 centimetres taller than the smallest donkey .  he is 10 years old .
it is the record for the largest human mattress dominoes chain .
it is between the towns of aalten and winterswijk  .
it played its first test match in 2000 against india in dhaka  .
in 1899  ,  the eastern telegraph company ( now part of vodafone ) installed the first underwater cable from the island  ,  connecting the uk with its colonies in south africa  .
on firearms  ,  bipods are often used on rifles and shotguns to allow the gun to rest and stop it from moving  .
physiotherapists to prescribe medication .
it tries to catch the seal .
parsing whether iran is ‘living up to the spirit’ of the nuclear agreement .
woman ,  63 ,  raped in rockville by man who slipped through window .
in the woods and the shadows ,  street medicine treats the nation’s homeless .
when jonny buckland  ,  the band s guitarist  ,  started playing it and added to it with his own ideas  ,  they had created the riff  ,  `` and it sort of got a bit heavier   .
a centreville man is accused of sexually assaulting a 77-year-old woman .
another very famous example of a work in c sharp minor is rachmaninoff s prelude in c-sharp minor ( op  .
the species  scientific name was given in 1838 by french zoologist charles l .  bonaparte  ,  honoring his wife  ,  princess zénaide  .
at first ,  the questionnaire is only for people in the usa .
in tukey ,  almost 200 people die and over 1000 are injured .
the military victory for the allies was important  .
in its review of the 2006 atlantic hurricane season  ,  the canadian hurricane centre said that the storm was to be an extratropical cyclone  .
proximo selects kirkwood to represent jose cuervo tequila in canada .
the highway begins in the west at dongshi district in taichung  .
in oedipus the king  ,  oedipus is the main character  .
they step on desks and throw chairs .
nathaniel adams coles  ,  professionally known as nat king cole  ,  ( march 17  ,  1919 - february 15  ,  1965 ) was an american jazz musician  ,  singer and songwriter  .
however as the bridge extended out into the river  ,  it became clear in december 1873  ,  that the bedrock really lay much deeper ; too deep to act as a foundation for the bridge piers  .
spending negotiations to stretch into next week .
speeds quickly increased  .
dershowitz is known for his role in several important legal cases and as a commentator on the arab-israeli conflict  .
fischer was again environment minister in hessen from 1991 to 1994  ,  and  ,  later on  ,  became co-chairman of the greens parliamentary party in the bundestag  .
he defined cultivar in his 1923 paper as : this definition and understanding of cultivar has changed over time  .
everyones nose is a different shape .  researchers may know why .
it circulated in samizdat until it was officially released in the country in 1987  .
later the castle was the occasional residence of the governor of the isle of wight and it became home to princess beatrice  ,  youngest daughter of queen victoria  ,  when she was governor  .
the policeman stops his car .
because less time was lost making a pit stop  ,  michael schumacher was able to win the 2004 french grand prix using a four-stop strategy  .
they buy a speaker .
the sunflower ( helianthus annuus ) is an annual plant in the family asteraceae  ,  with a large flower head ( capitulum )  .
the album s first single was `` the catalyst   ,  released on august 2  .
red-shaded team won the presidents  trophy and home-ice advantage throughout the playoffs  .
this was soon changed to the gnu general public license ( gpl )  ,  during version 0 . 12  .
they build a tower .
karolina sofia bock  ,  ( 1792-1872 )  ,  was a swedish dancer  ,  actor and singer  .
in peru ,  storms are happening .
he invented laplace s equation  ,  and pioneered the laplace transform which is used in many branches of mathematical physics  .
all units were inspected after the 1978 miyagi earthquake when the seismic ground acceleration was 0 . 125 g ( 1 . 22 m\/s2 ) for 30 seconds  ,  but no damage to the critical parts of the reactor was discovered  .
the event also had the returning undertaker beat kane after a tombstone piledriver  .
virginia senate passes bill to allow guns in places of worship .
most long-term insurance care enrollees are eligible for little-known benefit .
for rappers ,  wealth doesn’t always rhyme with health .
he looked closely at the picture ,  it is not very small .  look .
jersey mikes subs franchise opens in suffolk .
the opening game was played in front of 700 people  .
he buys a small boat .  he wants to sail from england to america on it .
georgetown business is latest victim in spike of armed robberies in the district .
she is currently considered as an italian sex symbol  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
they said they know what plants are missing from botanic gardens .
dresden is a city in germany .  the city is famous for its cake .
he left congress in 1809 to become judge of the tennessee supreme court  ,  serving until 1811  .
loch ness is a lake in scotland .  people say that a monster lives in the lake .
7 u . s . -bound migrants prevented from boarding egyptair flight to jfk ,  officials say .
the belizean island is mostly a ring of white sand beach around mangrove swamp in the center  .
many thousands of dissidents  ,  deserters  ,  or other people were arrested  ,  tortured or executed by cheka groups  .
ralph miliband ( born adolphe miliband ; 7 january 1924 - 21 may 1994 ) was a polish-british marxist sociologist  .
two house republicans favor a ban on lgbt discrimination .  one is from virginia .  .
the washington post announces robust coverage of the 2018 world economic forum in davos .
lava is coming out of the volcano .  it comes to a lake .
the truck driver cannot see it .
law enforcement must respect the standing rock protests .
chaffetz: members of congress should get stipends to afford homes in d . c .  .
viacom  ,  which had previously paid harmonix $ 150 million for their performance behind rock band in 2007  ,  are now seeking to get a `` substantial  refund on that amount due to the weak sales in 2009  .
former marine ,  au student says he was beaten in racially motivated attack .
in 1915 he became lord mayor of birmingham  ,  also as his father had done  .
the ime-institute has around 140 employees working at the locations schmallenberg and aachen  .
five questions facing the redskins as they prepare for the cowboys .
a security camera captures the moment .
at the peninsula s widest point  ,  it is 430 km from the bloomfield river  ,  on the east coast  ,  to the aboriginal community of kowanyama on the west coast  .
corey feldman cleared in sexual battery investigation .
it will take same time before i am perfect .
as he is the founder of the institution  ,  sadhus gave him the title of śrīcitrakūṭatulasīpīṭhādhīśvara ( which means the god of the tulsi peeth at chitrakoot )  .
pro-trump ,  anti-mexican messages chalked on california campus as ‘chalkening’ movement spreads .
this prison is in china .
scientists built it in texas 10 years ago .
united way holds free mentor training in sussex county .
bhimber ( urdu : ضلع بھمبر ) is the southernmost of the eight districts of azad kashmir  ,  the district is between latitude : 32-48 to 33-34 and longitude : 73 . 55 to 74-45  ,  and has an area of 1516 km ²  .
if the axis of rotation is within the body  ,  the body is said to rotate upon itself  ,  or spin - which implies relative speed and perhaps free-movement with angular momentum  .
‘deploraball’ will celebrate victory of media-bashing trump at national press club .
dog the bounty hunter spotted in washington .
luckily thepensters .
a person films this on a camera .  the camera is inside a car .
shigeru miyamoto  ,  the creator of the mario series  ,  made a reason that toad s creation was that of being a character that has a simplistic design ; yet  ,  still appears cute and lovely and pleases to everybody  .
brisbane hosted the 1982 commonwealth games  ,  the 1988 world exposition ( called world expo 88 )  ,  and some games at the 1987 rugby world cup and 2001 cricket world cup  .
is the middle class moving up ?  .
the event shows people that animals are beautiful .  the organisers hope that people will like animals .  they will help them and not hurt them
now ,  russian scientists go to the arctic .  they find the nazi weather station .
the custom was to bake white biscuits and paint them as window decorations  .
he got the idea when he saw the balloons hanging from the ceiling of a military surplus store  .
in 1979 marshall became a registrar in medicine at the royal perth hospital  .
erika was the eighth tropical cyclone  ,  fifth tropical storm  ,  and third hurricane of the season that year  .
our own nick rosenkranz mentioned as a possible 2nd circuit nominee .
the pursuit of ` fiscal rectitude  in order to reduce a high national debt needed a firm control of public spending and labor found this hard to accept  .
sixty years ago ,  rosa parks told the bus driver: no .  .
elvis aaron presley ( january 8  ,  1935 − august 16  ,  1977 ) was an american singer  ,  musician and actor  .
they swim together
maybe ,  they do something wrong .  maybe ,  dirty water gets into the lake
chantilly senior mary clougherty’s clutch four-point play beats herndon .
he stands next to the snake .  the snake bites him
the song is notable for its guitar solo throughout as well as the instrumental outro  .
the traffic is very busy .  it slows down the emergency services
the cars are not cheap .  tesla introduces a new car .
after the denieing of a licence and the relegation to the 3rd league aufhauser left the club and went back for the third time to salzburg and joined fc liefering  ,  the farm team of fc red bull salzburg  .
d . c .  police end five-hour search for relisha rudd at construction site .
the two brothers would each get $ 30 per week in the fifth and last year of their contract  .
they would not look small .
however  ,  it also included two songs that were not singles : `` trapped in a box  from their first album no doubt  ,  and a cover version of the song `` it s my life  by talk talk  .
two men shot ,  one fatally ,  while sitting in a bmw in congress heights .
batista became aware of the plot while eavesdropping on fellow evolution members and signed a contract guaranteeing him a match with world champion triple h at wrestlemania  ,  thus leaving evolution and officially turning face  .
intelligence committee lawmakers lose fight over budget language they say gives trump too much power .
soon  ,  boog gives up and frees elliot and takes him as his hapless guide to get him back home to timberline to reunite with beth  .
21 . 0 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 8 . 5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older  .
the video shows one man who drives the bike .  two girls sit at the front of the motorbike and three women with two children sit at the back
he eats plants ,  turtle meat and fruit .
she is the daughter of a pirate captain and has adventurous tales to tell  .
one of giselle s creators  ,  théophile gautier described her dancing as having a childlike artlessness  ,  a happy and infectious gaiety  .
the species have also live in places where humans are  ,  such as in cities or near farmsteads  .
the lord of the rings is a set of three fantasy movies : the fellowship of the ring ( 2001 )  ,  the two towers ( 2002 ) and the return of the king ( 2003 )  .
le breton beat mills with a cane  .
teen mom 2 star kailyn lowry gives birth to baby boy .
heat is produced by lighting fixtures  ,  other electric devices and also by employees and guests of the mall in sufficient amounts to keep it comfortable  .
in october 2008  ,  the airport s name was changed from cambridge city airport to marshall airport cambridge uk  .
on 28 january 2013  ,  it was stated that queen beatrix would abdicate on 30 april  .
in 1832 höxter and brakel were joined together as höxter  .
crash team racing is a racing video game developed by naughty dog and published by sony computer entertainment for the playstation  .
it uses steam and can fly at 800 kmh .
his parents were abraham stoker ( born in 1799 ; married stoker s mother in 1844 ; died on 10 october 1876 ) and the feminist charlotte mathilda blake thornley ( born in 1818 ; died in 1901 )  .
young chinese women are spending $30 million a month on a dating app called love and producer .
anyone can buy it .
headteacher uncompromising in getting rid of weak teachers .
there were reports of broad flash flooding across northern and eastern puerto rico  .
the united states does not list the ira as a `` foreign terrorist organization   ,  but includes them in the category of `` other selected terrorist groups also deemed of relevance in the global war on terrorism  .
her tumour grows for eight years .
people need experience in planning and managing important space programs .
`` lucy in the sky with diamonds  is a song written by john lennon and paul mccartney for the beatles  1967 album sgt .  pepper s lonely hearts club band  .
a day without a woman is observed at the highest level .
frequency-dependent selection occurs when the fitness of a phenotype depends on its frequency  .
how reed mathis used improv to reimagine beethoven’s symphonies .
oils  ,  like butter  ,  egg yolks  ,  vegetable oils or lard are much more viscous than water and evaporate freely at a much higher temperature than water  .
adrian edmondson and rik mayall worked as a double act  ,  20th century coyote  ,  and later became the dangerous brothers  .
he asked thumb to cut his tour short  ,  return to new york  ,  and perform on the same stage with nutt  .
derby has the first public park in the country to have an arboretum  ,  which is south of the city center  .
the congress of vienna met to draw the continent s political map again  .
after tuesday’s results ,  all eyes are on paul ryan and mitch mcconnell .
the idea for the initiation sequence came from a story conference between andrew stanton and bob peterson while driving to record the actors  .
ludmilla tourischeva is 1 of only 2 women to win the grand slam of all-around titles : olympics  ,  world championships  ,  world cup  ,  and european championships  .
researchers looked at 8 million teens over the past 40 years .
fred beckey ,  ‘dirtbag’ mountaineer who scaled untrodden peaks ,  dies at 94 .
the fossil pit bones include : indeed  ,  nearby sites contain the only known and controversial homo antecessor fossils  .
the chicken was very tasty .
nutt invited himself along when lavinia was asked to barnum s home for a weekend visit  .
after this coverdale once again went away from the music business  ,  for three years  .
alexandria council to vote saturday on $17 , 500 pay raise for council members .
this news is about a lake .  the lake is in mexico .
oaks says that the psychiatric drugs that patients take have harmful side effects  ,  and people can often recover without them  .
2 kilograms of fish .  he must be 5 .
milan vice president galliani to resign .
this meant that there were finally 43 trains  ,  each of which was made up of two four-car units  .
a strong yen means toyota cars are more expensive ,  so profit goes down .
she carried out a successful tour of america in 1915  ,  and died on returning to france  .
pollution is also a danger in the home .
he tells catholics that helping the poor is a ‘passport to paradise’
the presidents  trophy winner is guaranteed home-ice advantage in all four rounds of the stanley cup playoffs  ,  provided the team goes that far  ,  so it remains the most likely position to produce the cup winner  .
he is 29 years old .
the governor has a message to the media .
congress uses secularism as a point of political blackmail .
p127 in 1953  ,  hobbs was knighted  ,  the first professional cricketer to be so honored  .
in order to create a memorable and exciting atmosphere and increase the spectacle  ,  artists will have additional entertainment devices within their concerts  .
the commandos reached the bridge and took over the ship after 30 minutes  .
she hopes that her past does not stop her
on 31 january 2013  ,  kevin hutchinson-foster was found guilty of giving duggan a gun and was sent to prison  .
back in the ring  ,  michaels tried to go for his sweet chin music  ,  but stopped in the process and flair capitalized by trapping him in his figure four leglock  .
the usa navy may have to leave the philippines .
the search for stable carbocations led to the discovery of protonated methane  .
henry allingham had four medals  ,  two of which were from the first world war  .
1 million square kilometres .
at cafe milano ,  another date night for reese witherspoon ,  and a working dinner for matt damon .
f1 legend michael schumacher remains stable but critical after skiing accident .
it must buy food ,  toys and wheelchairs for the dogs .
after the end of his contract on 30 june 2011 he left werder bremen and signed for red bull salzburg in the austrian bundesliga  .
he was the brother of physician and philosopher ludwig büchner  .
the uks prime minister was disappointed that a member of her party blocked it .
there were more than a hundred of them .
on november 22  ,  1977  ,  bruce went to san francisco to testify in court against complaints that general mills  ,  the makers of wheaties  ,  had been using false advertising about his eating wheaties  .
our lady of pontmain is a title given to the virgin mary who is believed to have appear at pontmain  ,  france  .
gorsuch may fall short of votes needed for smooth supreme court confirmation .
heavy fog throughout the region wednesday morning makes for rough commute .
he ran his personal best in the 200 m at 19 . 97 in 2000  .
moby speaks up for shelter pets .
in 1973  ,  she gave birth to her first son  ,  alexander  ,  in london ; and in 1977 she had her second son  ,  kim  .
charles edward durning ( february 28  ,  1923 - december 24  ,  2012 ) was an american actor  .
insufficient evidence to merit inquiry into pritchard .
donald trump’s clarification on muslim surveillance leaves more questions than answers .
the district was created on june 12  ,  1994 by joining the old districts of röbel and waren  ,  and a few municipalities from the districts malchin and neustrelitz  .
she was tall and had a striking figure  ,  brilliant beauty  ,  powerfully expressive eyes  ,  and solemn dignity of demeanor  .
taking a cue from putin ,  duterte threatens to withdraw from the international criminal court .
28 . 5 % of the houses were destroyed and 44 . 7 % damaged  .
since 1992 ,  the us has tried to keep north korea free of nuclear weapons .
melodifestivalen  ,  translated as the `` melody festival   ,  is an annual music competition organised by sveriges television ( svt ) and sveriges radio ( sr ) to determine sweden s representative song and performer at the eurovision song contest  .
yamamoto s decisions had now become a serious problem  .
demetrius  ,  patriarch of alexandria  ,  wrote many letters to them arguing against this belief  .
this year is the chinese year of the dog .  there is also a new type of yoga .
it is on both sides of the river hull where it meets the humber estuary on the north bank estuary  ,  near england s east coast  ,  25 miles ( 40 km ) from the north sea  .
watch: drone reveals lake michigan lighthouse plastered in ice .
they give him prosthetic legs .  he can walk ,  run and jump .
the collection was donated to the people of walsall in 1973 by epstein s wife kathleen garman ( lady epstein ) and her friend sally ryan  .
rainfall is heavy along the coast and is less in the north and south  .
philipp grubauer to start in net for capitals against edmonton .
progressive waste solutions announces routes .
queer as folk is an american-canadian drama television series that aired from 2000-2005 on showtime  .
units 4  ,  5 and 6 had already been shut down for maintenance  .
he spent 2 seasons with the swedish antarctic expedition of doctor otto nordenskiöld  .
the police attack the terrorists .  they arrest four men .
the book got good reviews from critics  ,  and it was included in the new york times  100 most notable books of the year  ,  as well as winning the orange prize  .
five of these work stations were to have common access to a hard disk  ,  which would be controlled by a small computer  .
charles nelson perkins  ,  ao  ,  ( 16 june 1936 - 19 october 2000 ) was an australian activist and aboriginal leader  .
d . c .  audit reopens questions about vincent gray’s 2010 election campaign .
for 7-10 days the young stay with their mother in a burrow  ,  they then shed for the first time and then leave the burrow  .
everyones nose is a different shape .  researchers may know why .
at oxford  ,  he studied at university college to know about oxford s inter-disciplinary course in philosophy  ,  politics  ,  and economics ( ppe )  ,  especially latin america and eastern europe  .
typesetting is the taking of the stored letters ( called `` sorts  in mechanical systems and `` glyphs  in digital systems ) and the ordering of them in the manner of a language s orthography for showing them on a page  .
two years later he also became conductor of the leipzig gewandhaus orchestra  ,  taking the place of carl reinecke  .
early in his life  ,  ramesses went on campaigns to get land back from nubian and hittite hands  ,  and to secure egypt s borders  .
it is manufactured by corner shot holdings  ,  llc  ,  a company in miami with offices in israel  .
however  ,  teppei runs into his highschool sweetheart mizuhara sanae  ,  and discovers that his ex-girlfriend is now engaged to his brother soichiro  .
in matthew  ,  pilate washes his hands of jesus and reluctantly sends him to his death  .
and i asked him quickly ,  do you come from another planet ?  but he didn’t answer me .
marilyn came from a tropical wave that formed off the african coast to the eastern atlantic ocean on september 7 and september 8  .
it does not simulate war ,  but children cannot go to school and there is no food in the shops .  people cannot go to hospital .
harald cerny ( born 13 september 1973 ) is a former austrian football midfielder  .
this series  ,  which is based around zero  ,  is called the maclaurin series  .
she later attended nanyang technological university  ,  where she got a degree in marketing  .
donald trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster three-quarters of a million dollars .
renewable energy can be particularly suitable for developing countries  .
trump repeatedly ignores reporters questions about wiretap claims .
`` thant  was his only name  .
the person dumps the kittens .  we don’t know the person’s name .
the oceans are not here today .
the washington post hosts republican senator ben sasse on may 17 .
nhpc launches bond issue to raise upto rs 1 , 000 crore .
lava comes out of it .
they do not come in more colours .  this is a problem for people who are not white .
protective boots allow the player to cross dangerously hot or toxic floors  .
this news is about a cat .  he lives with dogs .
nearly all the mosques in the arabian peninsula as well as morocco do not allow non-muslims  .
what is man that you are mindful of him ?  .
it is about 50 miles ( 80 km ) north of milwaukee and 64 miles ( 103 km ) south of green bay  .
on july 17  ,  1951  ,  she gave birth to their first child  ,  lucie désirée arnaz  .
he learned to play the lute  ,  the viol and the harp  ,  and soon became known as a singer  .
rajya sabha passes telangana bill: .
the general idea is that each genetic and phenotypic change during evolution should be relatively small  ,  because developmental systems are so complex and interlinked  .
andean bear dies at national zoo .
if the player gets an orange light  ,  buddy rubino will say `` yow  !
this response is recognized as the first stage of a general adaptation that regulates stress responses among vertebrates and other organisms  .
the lorry is on a motorway .  its speed is 60 miles per hour (96 kilometres per hour) .  the video shows a blue car .
macron’s campaign says it has been hit by ‘massive’ hack of emails and documents .
there are around 400 bears in ukraine .
the sharp teeth in phytosaur jaws clearly show they were predators  .
she studied drama when she was eight years old than she appeared in advertisements at twelve years old such as coca-cola  ,  pepsi and johnson & johnson  .
udc professor ,  another person critically injured in district house fire .
it will cost as much as a standard business class ticket .  this is possible because the plane will be 75 per cent less expensive than the concord
‘sex and the constitution’: sexual expression before the moralists invented obscenity .
zip code was a trademark of the u . s .  postal service but its registration has since ended  .
connecticut has a lot of oak-hickory type central hardwood forests  .
they also wrote on walls  ,  tombs  ,  pyramids  ,  obelisks  ,  and more  .
training commonly uses the technique of progressively increasing the force output of the muscle through incremental increases of weight  ,  elastic tension or other resistance  ,  and uses a variety of exercises and types of training equipment to target specific muscle groups  .
women s suffrage is the right of women to vote and to be elected to an office  .
the weißeritzkreis is a district ( kreis ) in the south of the free state of saxony  ,  germany  .
native american professor resigns over disputed lecture series .
it also occurs in australia  ,  germany  ,  england  ,  and south africa  .
tech support personnel and systems administrators may be subjected to customer s anger at a malfunctioning system  ,  commonly including the aforementioned verbal abuse  .
he races there .
in whisenhunt s first season  ,  warner had split time with the team s younger quarterback matt leinart  ,  although warner started the final 11 games of the 2007 season after leinart suffered a season-ending injury  .
unesco tries to achieve what it wants to do through six programs : education  ,  natural sciences  ,  social and human sciences  ,  culture  ,  and communication and information  .
the man is lucky .  he is ok
there are three kinds of muscles : muscle action can be classified as being either voluntary or involuntary  .
united technologies may furlough 5 , 000 workers due to government shutdown .
the goombas were included in the ice capades show featuring characters from the mario series  .
while the idea was readily accepted by many in the environmentalist community  ,  it has not been widely accepted by other scientists  .
we may have just lost our golden chance: .
historically  ,  the name armenian has come to internationally designate this group of people from the most common armenian names : arman  ,  արման ( armenians use arman  ,  the older variant of armen  ,  արմեն )  ,  armen  ,  and armin  e ( female name )  .
they say that paper is enough .
see global 200 marine ecoregions for a full list of marine ecoregions ( world wide fund for nature )  .
we have the internet ,  but books and libraries are still important .
the term tent city is used to describe a variety of temporary housing facilities made using tents  .
her body was discovered in csepel  ,  in february 2009  ,  in a in a backwater of the danube  .
it walks on rough land .  it walks on smooth floors .
three dead ,  9 injured following shootout at planned parenthood in colorado springs .
people film the situation .  they put their videos online .
the naval battle between the small german convoy and the craft carrying no .  3 commando had made the german defenders at blue beach aware of the attack  .
this horse had a wedge-shaped head  ,  large eye and small muzzle  ,  just like the arabian horse today  .
following his departure  ,  their music would take a different direction on their next album  ,  1992 s generator  .
she comes in front of the car and moves it up .  people can’t believe their eyes .
family dendrobatidae was revised taxonomically in 2006 and contains 12 genera  ,  with about 170 species  .
fire services work to stop the fires .  the army and private companies help ,  too .
arturo toscanini ( 25 march 1867 - 16 january 1957 ) was an italian conductor  .
they take him to a national park .  it is about 500 kilometres to the north .
a 10-year-old immigrant was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance .  she was detained on the way .  .
its candidates must be members of the labor party as well  ,  and stand as `` labor and co-operative party  candidates  .
vice president mike pence ignores questions on flynn .
if kevin love falls in the forest ,  does lebron james help him back up ?  .
the corona is the circle of light around the sun .
the rebuilt colossus is on show at the national museum of computing  ,  in h block bletchley park in milton keynes  ,  buckinghamshire  .
continental crust is also less dense than oceanic crust  ,  though it is considerably thicker ; mostly 35 to 40 km versus the average oceanic thickness of around 7-10 km  .
crime is present in various forms in india  .
scientists could find the multiverse by using space ships .
police officer in stable condition after being shot in face in aberdeen ,  md .  .
big ten commissioner jim delany hints at retirement by end of new tv deal .
he demonstrated that amino acids could spontaneously form small peptides  .
7 trends found at a major italian tile show .
it is a horse .  the horse lives in these low temperatures .
the gop tries to trade polar bears for tax cuts .
fighting temptation is a single released by r&b singer beyoncé and female rappers missy elliott  ,  mc lyte  ,  and free in 2003 to promote the film the fighting temptations  ,  in which beyoncé has a part  .
the crew raised the access ramp .  they shot water at the migrants ,  too
chelsea manager jose mourinho makes light of managerial instability under roman abramovich .
terror suspects appear in court .
islamic art  ,  in its prohibition of depicting religious figures  ,  is a prime example of this geometric pattern-based art  .
‘this is class warfare’: tax vote sparks political brawl over populism that will carry into 2018 elections .
the mountains and fjords formed strong natural boundaries  .
imf chief christine lagarde found guilty for past payout to french tycoon .
dap threatens multiple defamation suits against utusan .
he began his studies at the sint-lukasinstituut in brussels in 1976  .
how i met your mother episode features actors in yellowface .
former memphis commit noah barnes flips to maryland .
they are used in matrix factorization  ,  in quantum mechanics  ,  facial recognition systems  ,  and in many other areas  .
in each picture ,  she had a sad face and an arm around her missing husband .
twelve boys and their football coach trapped in a thai cave are safe .
in 1995  ,  fallin became oklahoma s first woman and first republican to be elected as the lieutenant governor of oklahoma  .
hillary clinton to democrats: ‘keep fighting and keep the faith’ .
chesapeake bay’s summer ‘dead zone’ may grow larger ,  scientists say .
the family reunites
top democrats say clinton took a real hit from comey .  but they’re cautiously optimistic .  .
research based on analysis of the skull suggests the species may have bitten directly on prey at or near the water s edge  .
the club plays since the 2003\/04 season in the austrian bundesliga  ,  the highst division of austrian football  .
it is positioned as the most portable in apple s macbook family and was introduced at the macworld conference & expo on january 15  ,  2008  .
the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over  .
spanish-language video game aims to teach students about civil rights .
top democrats say clinton took a real hit from comey .  but they’re cautiously optimistic .  .
the 1970 nobel peace prize winner started the world food prize .
she won the first prize of us$ 25 singing connee boswell s `` judy  and `` the object of my affection   .
new england hit with spring snowstorm ,  braces for another .
aaron rodgers to visit doctor tomorrow .
rozhdestvensky was born into a musical family  .
police-involved shooting in prince george’s .
sächsische schweiz has some 1 , 000 climbing peaks  ,  as well as several hollows  .
mark melancon ,  saved for saves no more .
corey feldman cleared in sexual battery investigation .
he said innocent people in wars suffer a lot .
more than 70 women want to run for office and more than 80 want to be campaign managers .
bradford held the position of governor for most of his life and worked closely with standish  .
this news is about the hoverbike .
damon albarn launches everyday robots at sxsw .
lawless began acting in secondary school  ,  attending marist college  ,  new zealand  ,  in mount albert  .
at first arnold took no part in any public demonstrations but  ,  like many merchants  ,  continued to trade as if the stamp act did not exist  .
sf giants pitcher chad gaudin charged with lewdness .
council votes to move equipment from southend playground .
web caches reduce the amount of information that needs to be transmitted over the network  .
because it is composed of nine triangles  ,  it is also known as the navayoni chakra  .
south korean soldiers are ready to fight .
he lost two teeth and broke his nose .
newly leased air lituanica aircraft takes off in brussels .
the explosion killed all 243 passengers and 16 crew members  .
more than 1 , 800 charities are owed money by charitygiving .
before this there was a wooden bridge in summer and a ferryman with a boat in winter  .
according to maerz and paul in their dictionary of color  ,  the first recorded use of cerise as a color name in english was in 1858  .
an area of convection and disturbed weather possibly related to outflow from hurricane isidore developed a circulation on september 23 and organized into tropical depression thirteen-e on september 25  .
he stayed in otočac for a short time before emigrating to italy in march 1933  .
the mathematical concept of a hilbert space generalizes on the idea of euclidean space  .
on 11 january 2011 at around 2:30 pm est  ,  the brisbane river broke its banks leading to evacuations in the brisbane cbd and the suburbs of fortitude valley and west end  .
the sting is covered with a thin layer of skin  ,  the sheath  ,  in which the venom is held  .
this news is from the usa .  a rocket lifts off .
it is written mostly in c .  the source code has been released for free under the gnu general public license  .
the east west line tuas west extension is a elevated westward extension from joo koon station  .
the washington post called him ,  one of the most popular ,  inventive and influential recording artists .
‘i’d like to buy the world a coke: the story behind the world’s most famous ad ,  in memoriam its creator .
three government agencies join hands to distribute aid to fishermen ,  farmers in marang .
on the september 12  ,  2008 edition of smackdown  ,  he attacked jeff hardy  .
the locals want more tourists to come .
its provinces are : central visayas includes the islands of cebu and bohol and the eastern half of negros ; it has a population  ,  in 2010  ,  of 6 , 800 , 180  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
it opened in 1933 during the century of progress exposition  .
it films a beautiful video .
florida police officer shot in what authorities called an attempted assassination .
media general to buy lin in deal worth $1 . 6 billion .
the second brightest galaxy within the northern virgo cluster  ,  it is about 16 . 4 million parsecs ( 53 . 5 million light-years ) from earth  .
following his bit  ,  he was invited to sit on johnny carson s couch  ,  a mark of approval that only three comedians had ever garnered during their first carson appearance  .
nigel farage has joined big league and must expect scrutiny ,  lord tebbit says .
two years after her death  ,  her husband married elisabeth therese of lorraine  ,  sister of the future francis i  ,  holy roman emperor  .
charmian carr ,  actress who played liesl in ‘the sound of music , ’ dies at 73 .
however  ,  they do not issue forecasts on the number of hurricanes and very strong hurricanes  .
it was created by anne wood and andrew davenport  ,  who wrote each of the show s 365 episodes  .
for example  ,  the mean number of human legs is slightly lower than two  ,  because of a small number of people have only one or no legs  .
other groups  ,  including ukrainians  ,  make up the rest of the population ( 0 . 9 % )  .
he uses a simple technology .
it also has rice ,  wasabi and a special pear sauce .
the main challenge facing interstellar travel is the vast distances that have to be covered  .
the craig machine is a live album by comedian stephen lynch that was released on october 4  ,  2005 by what are records  ?
legal entities can not marry  ,  they can not vote or hold public office  ,  and in most jurisdictions there are certain positions which they can not occupy  .
they criticise kim jong un ,  too
larches are conifers in the genus larix  .
hawking said our universe came from a tiny point in space .  this was after the big bang .
louis xv hired architect jacques gabriel  ,  marble worker claude-félix tarlé  ,  and sculptors jacques verberckt and françois-antoine vassé to complete the room  .
chartered surveyors call for a cap on house price rises .
katrina  ,  however  ,  continued a westerly and west-southwesterly track  ,  which eventually made the forecasts change their predictions  ,  and forecast katrina to move westward into new orleans  .
the `` mourning  part of its name comes from its call  .
it comes in many different types such as the very thick cioccolata densa in italy  ,  and the thinner hot cocoa that is usually drunk in the united states  .
maryland rampage suspect pleads guilty in murders of strangers .
soldiers and other people will be safer with clothes that repair quickly and easily .
some cork is also produced in eastern asia from the related chinese cork oak ( quercus variabilis )  .
elliot escapes before boog is caught by a friend of beth  ,  sheriff gordy ( gordon tootoosis )  .
two men fatally shot in separate incidents in d . c .  .
`` say my name  is a number-one single by american r&b group destiny s child for the columbia records label  ,  released in early 2000  .
for va .  rep .  beyer ,  skipping trumps inauguration is a small symbol .
they evolved in the northern hemisphere and invaded the australasian region a number of times  .
at one trump golf resort ,  fake time magazine covers are taken off the wall .
mccain blasts obama over his handling of russia .
he soon became famous for his recitals and radio broadcasts in which he played music using historical performance styles  .
they won canada s first gold medal in ice dancing at the world junior figure skating championships in 2006  .
although all dendrobatids are at least somewhat toxic in the wild  ,  levels of toxicity vary greatly from one species to the next  ,  and from one population to another  .
horizon technology finance corp .  enters oversold territory .
the race takes five days .  it is 870 miles long (1 , 400 km)
he drives more than 100 miles per hour (160 kilometres per hour) .
the chinese are carrying a substance .  they have 230 kilograms of it .
in this band his mentor george `` harmonica  smith played the second harp and so they had a `` dual harp  sound  .
born on august 13  ,  1985  ,  brown is the daughter of the pastors of victory church  ,  a local christian church  ,  in amarillo  .
toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a t .  granulosa newt and survive  .
people film the situation .
he has the most body modifications in the world
he is the third best-selling belgian recording artist of all time  .
this costume was also worn by plague doctors during the plague of 1656  .
during this period he was first published and served as editor for the university literary magazine called toyon  .
the highest reported wind gust in antigua was 50 mph ( 80 km\/h )  .
michael flynn resigns as national security adviser .
in 1768  ,  omagh replaced dungannon as the county town of county tyrone  .
it had a long title : `` when you want em  ,  you ca nt get em  ,  when you ve got em  ,  you do nt want em  .
polly kraft ,  washington hostess and painter of still lifes ,  dies at 89 .
on 29 february 1944  ,  wojtyła was knocked down by a german truck ( lorry )  .
electra is happy about going to argos with idamante  .
you do not have to tie these shoes .
it also helps with the problem of stranger danger .
at least one broncos player thinks tom brady is a ‘crybaby’ .
general mills launches snack subscription service .
it is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland  .
maryland man is charged with murder in 2016 capitol heights shooting .
he retired in february 2008  .
unconstitutional war against isis expands to include ground combat by us forces .
vehicle fire causes delays on beltway near route 1 in college park .
islamic state video shows beheading of russian intelligence agent .
the counties  area were created by the georgia general assembly on june 9  ,  1826  .
north korea says that the usa is an enemy .
today  ,  boutique may refer to a specialised firm  ,  such as a boutique investment bank or boutique law firm  .
you will have stars which can laugh .
d . c .  officials: blizzard ‘will be deadly’ .
in 1994 rau tried for the first time to become federal president  ,  but lost to roman herzog  .
all of them can move around the palace freely ,  but the queen is the boss .
at the time of flowering  ,  the plant is usually less than 30 cm ( 12 in ) in height  .
electric planes can be 10% cheaper for easyjet .  they are 50% quieter ,  too
the man was afraid .  he wanted to catch the baby .
harrow has educated boys since 1243 but was officially founded by john lyon under a royal charter of elizabeth i in 1572  .
an accident happens in a club in colorado ,  usa .  an accident happens in a club in colorado ,  usa .
officer in patrol car shoots man pointing gun ,  baltimore police say .
there were several records during the draft : the most wide receivers selected in the first round ( 7 )  ,  and the most trades in the first round ( 28 )  .
wr malcom floyd returns to practice .
then the witch s army outnumbered very quickly  ,  and she is soon killed by aslan  ,  while the leftover of the enemies either give themselves up or take to flight  .
i am busy with serious things .
they are found in all marine waters from surface tropical waters and shallow tide pools to the deep sea and polar regions  .
nail art can get extreme .  in mexico ,  there is a new trend .
samuel died on july 4  ,  1824  ,  when jefferson was 16 years old  .
canon law is the term used for the internal ecclesiastical law of many churches  ,  such as the roman catholic church  ,  the eastern orthodox churches and the anglican communion of churches  .
the interaction energy is : with this takes both the magnetic dipole moment due to the orbital angular momentum and the magnetic momentum arising from the electron spin into account  .
over 80 % of males marked as juveniles have been found to return to the pond at which they were spawned  .
first episode of dom-2 was aired on may 11  ,  2004  .
bill anders  ,  jim lovell  ,  and frank borman read verses 1 through 10  ,  using the authorized king james version text  .
côte-dor is part of the current region of burgundy  .
prabhat jha keeping shivraj singh chouhan on edge .
his father  ,  franklin abramoff  ,  was president of the franchises unit of diners club  .
he became a professional writer the following year when he sold two essays and a poem to a boston magazine  .
opeth was scheduled to perform in jordan in late 2003 without a crew due to the fear of terrorist attacks in the middle east  .
the trump administration is undermining affordable care act enrollment .
these are tiny pieces of plastic from our garbage .
around 40 per cent of them were afraid .  they hide their religion in public .
adult film actress accuses trump of offering $10 , 000 to come alone to hotel suite .
the madras presidency comprising of most of southern india including what is now tamil nadu  ,  was created in the eighteenth century and was ruled directly by the british east india company  .
a restaurant in mexico offers something special .
loneliness could increase the risk of dying early by 50% .
results show some improvements for local students .
he sees them on the internet .  first ,  he discusses pornography .
` abd us-samad died on 30 december 1988  ,  and is survived by his three sons ( from oldest to the youngest ) : yasir  ,  hisham  ,  and tariq  .
struggling to write productively for your academic purposes ?  try out the fast essay writing service provided by top academic writers .
van robays explained that `` eephus ai nt nothing  ,  and that s a nothing pitch  .
creatine is used for the production of adenosine triphosphate ( atp )  ,  which is the human body s energy  .
the western grey kangaroo is one of the largest kangaroos  .
hints from heloise: fly and cry ?  .
after the japanese bombed pearl harbor  ,  the takano family was relocated and interned from california to `` war relocation camps  during world war ii  .
richard schickel ,  encyclopedic film scholar and time magazine critic ,  dies at 84 .
the lead single  ,  `` what the hell   ,  premiered on dick clark s new year s rockin  eve on 31 december  .
beverly hills is a city in the western part of los angeles county  ,  california  ,  united states  .
in addition  ,  over 420 square kilometres ( 103 thousand acres ) of various crops  ,  including sugar cane  ,  corn and bananas  ,  were flooded  .
he used okashina okashi in the create a comic project when he volunteered to teach a free after-school youth literacy library event in new haven  ,  ct  .
he threw for 480 yards and 6 touchdowns in the 45-41 victory  .
this track also was used during the intro to the movie major payne  .
in industry  ,  such reactions are used many times to neutralize waste acid streams  .
this happens in 2016 .  you can watch the video now .
some os x mavericks users experiencing issues with external hard drives .
in 2013 ,  his party won the second largest number of votes .
the highland league is the subject of a song of the same name by the popular music ensemble i  ,  ludicrous  .
withdrawal of isaf/nato troops to facilitate the reconciliation process: .
more people are getting diseases like tuberculosis (tb) .
even before it was published in early october 1902  ,  the first 8 , 000 copies were sold  .
southerners report the most trouble accessing affordable health care .
beyond about 4:1 design pressure ratio  ,  variable geometry is often used to improve operation  .
a memorial  ,  `` reflecting absence   ,  honors the people killed in the september 11 attacks and the 1993 world trade center bombing  .
although they can not see color  ,  they can perceive the polarization of light  ,  which improves their ability to see contrast  .
in the original and simplified sense  ,  commodities were things of value  ,  of uniform quality  ,  that were produced in large quantities by many different producers ; the items from each different producer are considered as of the same value  .
zakir garalov meets with chairman of russian investigative committee .
the democratic party ( serbian : демократска странка  ,  demokratska stranka  ,  listen ( info \* help ) ) is the main center-left political party in serbia  .
ɒn \/ ) is an ion with a positively-charged carbon atom  .
the kansas city scouts was a national hockey league ( nhl ) team  .
lager borkum was near the center of alderney and was the smallest of the four camps  .
majority of the people are indian nepalis also known as gorkha  .
his voice is from dan castellaneta  ,  and was first seen at the episode `` principal charming   .
the species that are found include : significant bird species include : the tanami desert is home to the kukatja and walpiri people  .
neurons in various layers connect vertically to form small microcircuits  ,  called ` columns   .
the following two weeks  ,  the two attended couple s therapy sessions  ,  but the latter session ended with mccool attacking layla  ,  making their break up official  .
cyanobacteria in coral reefs can fix twice the amount of nitrogen than on land-around 1 . 8 kg of nitrogen is fixed per hectare per day  .
seth allen spies a double-overtime win for virginia tech over virginia .
a woman is killed by her husband or ex-husband in france every three days .
a report from the charity oxfam said eight billionaires are as rich as half the world .
the marriage was at best a diplomatic alliance  .
sea turtle nesting up in ga .  .
much of the area was part of the division of fremantle  ,  which curtin represented from 1928 to 1945  .
they hold a military parade every year
prince karl of hohenzollern-sigmaringen became the new leader  ,  and was later called prince carol i of romania  .
during the french invasion of russia in 1812  ,  the muscovites burned the city and ran away  ,  as napoleon s army was coming near to the city on 14 september  .
switch problem causes delays on metro’s orange and silver lines .
great techniques to save time .
authority to regulate cyber bullying needed .
members of the expedition camped at the dig tree from 6 december 1860 to 21 april 1861  .
barber was released by dallas after the 2010 season  .
jim harbaugh gives pope francis a michigan helmet and jordan sneakers .
one store charged double the price for pink razors .
after the 16th century  ,  mongolia were influenced by tibetan buddhism  .
people call the barber ‘the joker’
preet bharara on why he was fired: ‘beats the hell out of me . ’ .
‘all clear’ given after report of suspicious package at 17th street nw near white house .
that section contains bumps  ,  high-speed turns and little run-off area  ,  but the track is very wide at this point  .
its administrative center is the locality ( a village ) of tautovo  .
the tombs contain historic treasures .
carteret county is a county in the u . s .  state of north carolina  .
10 drown as boat capsizes in bisalpur dam .
in the system of greek numerals  ,  it has a value of 300  .
peter svidler learned to play chess when he was six years old  .
its front wheels are not working .  the plane must make an emergency landing .  it is too heavy .
then  ,  they tried to climb up and get into the match  .
you wear the camera on your neck .
both of the games have a mascot .  the mascot of the olympic games is called miraitowa .
josef krips ( born vienna  ,  8 april 1902 ; died geneva  ,  13 october 1974 ) was an austrian conductor and violinist  .
austin h .  kiplinger ,  d . c .  publisher and philanthropist ,  dies at 97 .
brendan byrne ,  two-term new jersey governor in 1970s ,  dies at 93 .
they damage nine other vehicles .
he was the only child born to charles emmanuel ii  ,  duke of savoy and marie jeanne of savoy  .
ahman green arrested on suspicion of child abuse (update) .
how australia has avoided a recession for 25 years .
people buy it from stores .
the prince of wales and the duke of edinburgh visited the line during its construction  .
star fox 2 is a canceled video game that was going to be released for the super nintendo entertainment system  .
hence  ,  a drive may be claimed by its manufacturers to include s . m . a . r . t .  support even if it does not include  ,  say  ,  a temperature sensor  ,  which the customer might reasonably expect to be present  .
ashland inc .  cutting 800 jobs .
digital signal processing algorithms require a large number of mathematical operations to be performed quickly on a set of data  .
``devoted mum stabbed in her home dies in hospital .
the japanese media says that there are two people in the helicopter when it crashes
at&t wireless service cut for a time on maryland eastern shore .
\* total medal counts include three medals - two silver and one bronze - awarded in the figure skating events at the 1920 summer olympics  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
winslow signed the mayflower compact  .
elderly couple robbed in home invasion in montgomery county .
u . s .  oil production booms as new year begins .
de valera s supporters say he showed leadership skills and a great ability for planning  .
its county seat is bonifay  ,  florida  .
nine people die .
meghna naidu to enter jodha akbar .
ravens have not closed door on pitta return .
gop tax plan in trouble after republican senator says he won’t back it .
roerich pact is a treaty on protection of artistic and scientific institutions and historic monuments  ,  apr .  15  ,  1935  ,  49 stat  .
the forest is also home to the red-browed treecreeper and olive whistler  .
lionel edmund rose mbe ( 21 june 1948 - 8 may 2011 ) was an australian boxer  .
salama moussa became seriously ill and died on 4 august 1958  .
they dont think about what is in their bank .
three male bears - `` a little  ,  small  ,  wee bear  .  .  .  a middle-sized bear  .  .  .  and a great  ,  huge bear  - live in a house in the woods  .
no one comes .  then they use his radio to call for help .  more guards come .
the same energy releases may produce coronal mass ejections ( cme )  ,  although the relation between cmes and flares is still not known  .
wet wipes are popular .  some people throw them in the toilet .
bleacher accident causes minor injuries at georgetown prep .
the round-shaped flower heads  ,  which are inflorescences  ,  are 8-10 mm in diameter ( excluding the stamens )  .
this joke is about one woman .
two men fatally shot in separate incidents in d . c .  .
when the doctor returns  ,  amy is nineteen years old  .
my new op ed on how immigration restrictions harm native-born americans .
a new taliban breakaway group claims support for peace and women’s rights .
domestic violence incident leads to assault with intent to kill charge .
their blue blood hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen most efficiently  ,  aided by gills with especially large surface area  .
the professor explains the change as a natural phenomenon  ,  although it is obvious to the reader that in fact he and bormenthal have simply performed the reverse operation  .
mayor alvin brown raises $19 , 000 in january; .
lucifer’s babies stay in london .
a burnout ( also known as a peel out or power brake ) is the practice of keeping a vehicle still ( or close to ) and spinning its wheels  ,  causing the tires to heat up and smoke due to friction  .
after thinking for weeks about what her possible storyline could be  ,  shelley dreamt about a scientist who created life and was horrified by the result  .
he says that he wants to kill many disabled people .
man fatally shot saturday in riverdale is identified .
more than 100 , 000 bats come to a town .
as of 2008  ,  she has sold more than 27 million records worldwide  .
the public expects to be contacted in many different ways  .
numerous different ways of playing the game can be used  ,  such as using stealth and sniping  .
the part of the region that is now under indian control is known as the state of jammu and kashmir  .
he was a well known pianist by 1915  ,  and influenced younger musicians  ,  such as meade lux lewis and albert ammons  .
he is one of australia s most well-known indigenous artists  .
he scored his first goal for the first team versus sc heerenveen  .
the mean of the grouped data in the above example can be calculated as follows : therefore  ,  the mean of the grouped data is
an elliptical galaxy is a galaxy having an ellipsoidal shape  ,  and a smooth  ,  nearly featureless brightness profile  .
mcluhan suggests that media play a role  ,  not by the content delivered  ,  but by the characteristics of the medium itself  .
they find the mother an hour later .
does saudi arabia’s new energy minister have time for opec ?  .
in particular in the tao of physics he makes the assertion that physics and metaphysics are both inexorably leading to the same knowledge  .
symmetrical faces do not look good .
the palestinian territories is one of a number of names for two separate areas : the west bank and the gaza strip  .
education department no longer investigating transgender bathroom complaints .
grammy awards 2017: selected winners .
at the end of 1758  ,  charles  half brother ferdinand vi was displaying the same symptoms of depression that his their father used to suffer from  .
they bought large amounts of real estate in batavia ( modern-day jakarta )  ,  singapore and other parts of this area  .
shortly after the united states grand prix  ,  peter sauber sold bmw a majority share in his sauber team  ,  which announced its intention to run as bmw s factory team in 2006  .
the maxilla is intermediate in length and mobility between typical colubrids ( long  ,  less mobile ) and viperids ( very short  ,  highly mobile )  .
hundreds of galaxies found hiding behind the milky way .
at the event  ,  punk succeeded in defeating the defending champion  ,  john cena to win the championship  ,  and legitimately left the company with the physical title belt  .
entry-level structural engineers may design individual structural elements of a structure  ,  for example  ,  beams  ,  columns  ,  and floors of a building  .
` entoprocta  means ` anus inside   .
the police and the hotel apologised to the man .
this process of working out a slope using limits is called differentiation  ,  or finding the derivative  .
there are seven main rivers and many watercourses forming a network of channels at this delta  .
since 2003  ,  it has been hosted by caroline kennedy  .
beethoven wrote a series of 12 variations on the theme of se vuol ballare  .
it is part of the midi-pyrénées region and has two small territorial exclaves-a remnant from the middle ages-located within the neighboring département of pyrénées-atlantiques  .
michelle obama’s former policy director enters race for maryland governor .
power out for more than 20 , 000 in loudoun ,  dominion virginia says .
mpaa chief christopher dodd will step down at the end of the year .
alban was a pagan living in the roman city of verulamium  ,  where st albans is now  ,  in hertfordshire  ,  england  ,  about 22 miles ( 35 km ) north of london along watling street  .
the band s debut album  ,  definitely maybe  ,  went straight to # 1 in the uk albums chart and went on to be certified seven-times platinum by the british phonographic industry and platinum by the recording industry association of america and the canadian recording industry association  .
alexandre étienne choron ( caen  ,  1837 - 1924 ) was a french chef  .
older people are starting their own businesses .
youngstown has its own metropolitan area ; it is often thought of as part of the pittsburgh tri-state area and greater cleveland  .
a doctor looks at the animals .  they are put up for adoption
miley cyrus woke up to roses: .
like the adults  ,  the boys were given hard work such as stone cutting and building  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
hurwicz was made part of the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965  .
gwen stefani slammed with 75k lawsuit after fan breaks leg during concert ambush .
weekend summit calls for peace in chicago .
texas state board of education approved list of science textbooks .
the island is renowned for its spectacular scenery  ,  vibrant culture and heritage  ,  and its abundant wildlife  ,  including the golden eagle  ,  red deer and atlantic salmon  .
the molecular fragmentation pattern depends on the electron energy applied to the system  ,  typically 70 ev ( electron volts )  .
there is a zoo in new york .
people can now use starbucks to sit down ,  relax and use the internet .
it costs around $150 , 000
metro lines delayed after person struck at l’enfant plaza .
mexico’s foreign minister: anti-mexican bigotry is no different than anti-semitism .
harvey weinstein’s wife leaving him after sordid sex assault accusations .
63 cats and kittens found in d . c .  home and van .
splinter is the seventh album by american punk rock band the offspring  ,  released in 2003  .
hurricanes harvey and irma offer sobering lessons in the power of nature .
there is not much space for the plane .
irma’s winds are travelling at 257 kilometres per hour .
he was a civil rights and anti-war hero .
why a florida mayor just banned donald trump from his city .
candles and tv screen may have much more in common than believed .
for katie ledecky ,  it’s a swim and a miss in the 100-meter freestyle .
pretty little liars winter premiere airs tonight: .
people want justice
in the united kingdom millilitres are used in preference to cubic centimetres in the medical field  .
smaller prizes of au$ 4 , 000 each are awarded in four categories  .
dogs can be expressive .
costa rica never fought for independence from spain  .
nobel prize in chemistry is awarded for molecular machines .
gauss  law is true in all situations  ,  but people can only use it to calculate when high degrees of symmetry exist in the electric field  .
ross island supports a colony of about a half million ( 500 000 ) adélie penguins  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the building lot of the library had been donated by the city of leipzig  ,  while friedrich august iii  ,  king of saxony provided the funds for the building  .
they are the bones of dinosaurs .  the bones are around 90 million years old .  the bones are important to the scientists .
tropical depression eight formed on september 19 in the southwestern caribbean sea  .
we yawn more when we try to stop yawning .
he is sorted into gryffindor house by the sorting hat and becomes friends with classmates ron weasley and hermione granger  .
(1) immigration from countries where jihadist sympathy is high; (2) turkey and the e . u .  .
according to special relativity  ,  c is the maximum speed at which all energy  ,  matter  ,  and physical information in the universe can travel  .
the words of willis  citation explain : john willis is the namesake of the destroyer escort ship uss john willis ( de-1027 ) which was named in his honor  .
it is the county seat of kanawha county  .
in china ,  one man in a car saw this .
in early 2007  ,  li yin promoted the second track of her debut single called `` y ( why  .  .  .  )   ,  which is a power ballad  .
decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead  .
the police shoot the man dead .  a series of shootings happened in ottawa .  police look for the suspects
why jared kushner is a central piece of the trump-russia puzzle .
later dramatists depended less on the chorus  .
the vatican s masterpieces are very well known in the world : st .  peter s square  ,  st .  peter s basilica  ,  the sistine chapel  ,  the vatican museums and the apostolic palace  ,  where the pope lives  .
it comes in two sizes .
hundreds of boys abused at storied catholic choir in germany ,  new report says .
she is the daughter of john jeffery black and georgina marquez kelly  ,  who are veterinarians  .
pet dogs help children start conversations .
klaus augenthaler ( born 26 september 1957 ) is a former german football player  .
maryland’s jaylen brantley ,  jared nickens bring running man challenge to ‘ellen degeneres show’ .
similarities between myxozoan ` polar capsules  and cnidarian nematocysts ( stinging cells ) had been known for a long time  ,  but previously were thought to be the result of convergent evolution  .
the earliest lauraceous fossils are from to the early cretaceous it is possible that the ancient origin of this order is one of the reasons for its highly diverged morphology  .
it has many statues .
madagascar contains several important biospheres : its biodiversity and numbers of unique species is high  .
apricot in has been in written use as a color name since 1851  .
is 30 km south of the town  .
if you’re returning your samsung galaxy note 7 phone ,  read this .
the other groups  ,  including true shrimp  ,  are the pleocyemata  .
wakulla county is a county in the u . s .  state of florida  .
agent 47 is completely bald with very pale skin and blue eyes  .
riskiest cars will get replacements first in recall of takata air bags .
d . c .  police search for juveniles who used stun gun to attack girl in storm .
fish feed mill inaugurated at prampram .
i had a little fever because i was very thirsty .
the romans used pipe inscriptions to stop people from stealing water  .
they want more democracy .  many of the people are students .
it is formed by the junction of the vakhsh and panj  .
payments council forecasts a bumper christmas for retailers .  .
andrew dice clay files for divorce .
bryan owen `` pete  young ( born march 19 1968 in meadville  ,  mississippi ) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in major league baseball who played for the montreal expos in 1992 and 1993  .
lm3 was buried lying on his back  ,  with his hands joined together covering the groin  .
note : gp = games played  ,  w = wins  ,  l = losses  ,  t = ties  ,  pts = points  ,  gf = goals for  ,  ga = goals against  ,  pim = penalties in minutes note : teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold note : gp = games played  ,  g = goals  ,  a = assists  ,  pts = points  ,  pim = penalties in minutes
bill de blasio’s ‘okay fine ,  i will endorse her’ endorsement of hillary clinton .
for each change in х of 1 ( to the right )  ,  the value of у changes -2 ( goes down )  .
radjabov earned the title of grandmaster in march 2001 at the age of 14  ,  making him the second-youngest grandmaster in history at that time ( to bu xiangzhi )  .
some people hate it .
the museum is made up of two buildings standing next to each other  .
these include the cathedral of chartres and nicola pisano s pulpits for the duomo di siena and pisa s baptistery  .
they want the trophies back .
before that  ,  dwight hicks played for the university of michigan  .
while wacky worlds was planned as a cd-i adaptation of the side-scrolling platformer video game super mario world  ,  hotel mario was made into a puzzle game in which level areas were limited to a single screen  .
they are used to teach elementary set theory  ,  and to illustrate simple set relationships in probability  ,  logic  ,  statistics  ,  linguistics and computer science  .
england won the final beating west germany 4-2  .
the current surface of the messel pit is roughly 60 m below the local land and is about 0 . 7 km ² in area  .
this did not mean sorel was murdered  ,  because mercury was sometimes used in cosmetic preparations and also to treat worms  .
in 1967  ,  brian clough took over derby county with peter taylor helping him  .
the show takes place on the pearl islands  ,  off the coast of panama  ,  and had a pirate theme  .
the foundation s collection of american works on paper are in the department of prints and drawings at the art institute  .
the app tells you if there is an attack .
she thinks that we also need a green woman .
the rohingya are mostly muslim .
i can walk into the village easily .
black makes very few compromises in his pawn structure  ,  and plays c5 in time to fight for the d4 square  .
its pages is roughly half the size of most american magazines  .
its spectral class is between the c-type and p-type asteroids  .
seven novels are published so far : the novel upanibesh was the first attempt in oriya literature to focus the sexuality as a part of social revolt by any woman  .
who will u . s .  coach jurgen klinsmann select for copa america ?  we have some thoughts .  .
mered did not care about peoples lives .
it is cold-water chess .  you play chess ,  and you sit in very cold water .
it is three weeks old .  it is doing very well .
nearly 2 , 000 people faced additional screening after first trump travel ban ,  new document shows .
a man in the shop gives a piece of fruit to the monkey .
czechs may join un peace mission in mali .
how stress can rewire brain ,  making benign smells malodorous .
she served as president of the senate and on 10 boards and commissions  .
the light from the nearby star  ,  or stars  ,  is not hot enough to ionize the gas of the nebula to make an emission nebula  ,  but is enough to make the dust visible because the light reflects off of the dust  .
uncw competes in ncsu spring tournament .
building new houses continued in the 1870s and 1880s  .
it was also common for didgeridoos to be played for entertainment outside of ceremonial life  .
a kangaroo is born .  he is born at a zoo .
valzacchi and annina now work both for octavian and for ochs  .
2 billion people are on facebook .  however ,  some people are leaving it now .
it later began doing coordination for schools  ,  foster programs  ,  group homes  ,  homeless shelters  ,  and mental health facilities by late 2003  .
all of the animals die .  this is not the first time .
many students prefer to make their please ,  do my assignment requests at assigncode .
it was made in a similar style to date movie  ,  friedberg and seltzer s movie before they made this one  .
the song  ,  `` think about it   ,  was then released as the album s fourth single on 17 november 2013  .
the basic unit of an element is called an atom  .
in 1793 and 1794  ,  josias commanded the army in the austrian netherlands during the flanders campaign  .
police in maryland investigate death of man found on montgomery trail .
the ` marble  large clasts ( the snail shells ) in a fine-grained limestone mud matrix  .
not all small polar bears survive their first winter .
the word tama means `` round and precious   ,  like a gem or jewel  .
ingeborg morath ( may 27  ,  1923 - january 30  ,  2002 ) was an austrian photographer  .
in n . y .  ,  white house poised to create first monument to gay rights struggle .
he started his career in dashgyn zagatala  ,  and then played for mertskhali ozurgeti  ,  turan tovuz  ,  kur-nur  ,  neftchi baku  ,  dinamo stavropol  ,  baltika kaliningrad  ,  fakel voronezh and volgar gazprom  .
one copy is in france .  people do not know about it .
the central valley ( also called the great central valley ) is a very large valley in the middle of california  ,  in the united states  .
advanced technology lab set up at college of engineering pune .
the borkum and helgoland camps were `` volunteer  ( hilfswillige ) labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but a little bit better than the inmates at the sylt and norderney camps  .
federal proposal seeks to create summer and youth jobs .
they were going to medellin .
at that time  ,  with inspiration from wheelchair basketball classification  ,  efforts were made to make order more of an able to use better system  .
the circus is particularly known for its video display and neon signs mounted on the corner building on the northern side  ,  as well as the fountain and statue of an archer popularly known as eros  .
in 2006  ,  as an all-american wrestler  ,  he set the single season record for most pins at 30  ,  and graduated from the university of oklahoma with a bachelor s degree in finance  .
gk vasan expresses reservation on india not voting at unhrc against sri lanka for alleged human rights violations .
video shows 4-year-old girl falling out of a moving church van onto a highway .
it claimed land previously in hyde park to make room for the multi-lane carriageway  .
he is known for the twa flight center  ,  which represents the culmination of his previous designs and demonstrates his expressionism and the technical marvel in concrete shells  .
dodd was born in connecticut  .
these tiny  ,  often yellow frogs live in atlantic forest in southeastern brazil  .
arabs make up about 20 per cent of israels population .
the west stand is the only original part of oakwell stadium left standing  ,  however it was made ` all-seater  in 1995  .
this is called the one-child policy .  the policy started in 1979 .
he told barnum  ,  `` it was not your business to ask me  .
there are 260 000 users of news in levels every months .
md .  police arrest man suspected of detonating pipe bomb on officer’s car .
the cabinet meets not only in canberra but also in other australian state capitals  ,  most often sydney and melbourne  .
education abroad to be held .
zakarpattia oblast has a total area of 12 , 800 km ² and is in the carpathian mountains region of western ukraine  .
trump: ‘we may terminate’ u . s . -south korea trade agreement .
the memorable roles that show carrie fisher was more than just princess leia .
this man unveiled his biggest secret to his girlfriend with the help of postsecret .
a nuts code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country  ,  and is identical to the iso 3166-1 alpha-2 code ( the only difference is uk instead of gb for the united kingdom )  .
neil fingleton ,  actor on ‘game of thrones , ’ dies at 36 .
from 1994 through 2015  ,  3753 cruithne makes its annual closest approach to earth every november  .
amphiumas can be up to 116 cm ( 46 in ) long  ,  their legs are only up to about 2 cm ( 0 . 79 in )  .
al jarreau ,  seven-time grammy-winning singer ,  dies at 76 .
expiring provisions threaten to upend promised tax relief .
as the system was to the west of 135 ° e  ,  pagasa began issuing advisories on the depression as well  ,  assigning it the name `` amang   .
‘ape in heels’: w . va .  mayor resigns amid controversy over racist comments about michelle obama .
it was developed in 1972 as a new urban township of mumbai  ,  and is currently the largest planned city in the world  .
lynch spent fifteen years in chicago  ,  acting in the steppenwolf theatre company  ,  and touring with the second city comedy troupe  .
it is a chalk plateau to the north of the seine estuary and extends to the cliffs on the english channel coast  .
in the rite of spring ( le sacre du printemps )  ,  with music by stravinsky ( 1913 )  ,  nijinsky created choreography which went beyond the limits of traditional ballet  .
he discovered that regional varieties of flies were more similar to each other genetically than to flies from other regions  .
in 1963  ,  the austrian conductor josef krips became music director  .
except for his occasional court cases  ,  doty lived a normal life as a freeman  ,  paying his taxes and all his debts  .
the black smoke from the fire goes for miles .
lacking lethal injection drugs ,  va .  might turn to the electric chair .
ly for $1 billion .
legal settlement calls for new turf fields at montgomery county schools .
suicide bomber kills 29 ,  injures dozens at shiite mosque in western afghanistan .
can french presidential candidate emmanuel macron deliver on his promise to remake the country ?  .
on ms-13 ,  ed gillespie is pandering to the trump/stewart base .
a year after trump’s win ,  democrats have a lot to prove in tuesday’s elections .
robinson was also known for his activities outside of baseball  .
constance briscoe found guilty of lying to police .
basketball coach again denied bond .
westport is proud to support newtown .
a computer can print it .
in 1898  ,  the building was consecrated as the machzikei hadath  ,  or spitalfields great synagogue  .
prince george’s residents deserve an answer to charges of systemic corruption .
the suffix `` pagnell  came later  ,  when the manor passed into the hands of the pagnell ( paynel ) family  .
‘flood of the century’ fears rise in paris along with the seine .
one million cockroaches escape chinese farm .
the genitals include both organs that can be seen on the outside of the body ( the primary genitalia or external genitalia )  ,  as well as internal organs ( the secondary genitalia or internal genitalia )  .
pds to form the a party the left ( die linke ) party  .
on the first day ,  it has no hair .
around 2030 the gate bell rang  ,  and the military police officer on guard opened the gate a little for a civilian who said he had a parcel to deliver to the officer-in-charge  .
the plane is hijacked and flown over the mountains to tibet  .
munich ( german : münchen ) is the third biggest city of germany ( after berlin and hamburg )  ,  and the capital of bavaria  .
the 2009 ifl united bowl had the intense conference champs  ,  the billings outlaws  ,  against the upset-minded united conference river city rage  .
it was a short flight .  the woman wouldnt sit down .
it is illegal .  however ,  around 1 .
15-year-old critically wounded by gunman in southeast .
mered could go to prison for a long time .
flora can reach a magnitude of +7 . 9 at a favorable opposition near perihelion  ,  such as will occur in mid november 2007  .
gov .  scott will visit jacksonville wednesday on tax cut tour .
they were traded for goods like alcohol and tobacco from the americas and textiles from europe  .
in china ,  facial recognition is sharp end of a drive for total surveillance .
the panda is very popular .
carnaroli  ,  maratelli and vialone nano are considered to be the best ( and most expensive ) varieties  ,  with different users preferring one over the other  .
local roundup: 3 charged in high-speed chase in that caused lockdown at capitol .
because of this announcement  ,  many alliance members began to distrust stone cold  ,  looking at him with suspicious eyes  ,  to which stone cold denied the charges and called vince a liar  .
qatar-bound dulles flight makes emergency landing on island off portuguese coast .
in wisconsin ,  usa ,  a zoo has three baby amur tiger cubs .  they turn three months old .
they are a part cause of allergy and anaphylaxis  ,  the mast cell is very similar in both appearance and function to the basophil  ,  a type of white blood cell  .
i only love another boy .  we are not together .
43 ariadne makes up much of the remaining mass ( about a further 9 %  ,  with the remaining family members being fairly small  ,  below 30 km in diameter  .
the main parts of theoretical chemistry are electronic structure  ,  dynamics  ,  and statistical mechanics  .
it has appearances by black thought  ,  jonathan davis  ,  aaron lewis and many other singers and rappers  .
the ocean is cold .  he will be tired and lonely .
a new trade deal will make technology cheaper .
what hillary clinton should say to the baptists .
in addition to reducing waste  ,  spc can lead to a reduction in the time required to produce the product or service from end-to-end  .
the `` cognitive map hypothesis  has been further advanced by recent discoveries of direction cells in several parts of the rodent brain which are strongly connected to the hippocampus  .
it is an adapted version of the animated movie lilo & stitch and the spin-offs that came after it  ,  mainly lilo & stitch : the series  .
trump still leads ,  but cruz keeps winning the trickier delegate contests .
jesse watters becomes latest fox news host to land himself in trouble .
most visual novels have more than one storyline and ending  ,  the gameplay has been compared to choose your own adventure books  .
he became a cistercian monk ; and he studied at the university of paris  .
on 18 september 96  ,  domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
the source of the missouri river is in the rocky mountains  ,  in the state of montana  .
in the years before professionalism was allowed in athletics  ,  this kind of full-time training was unusual  .
kuwait and bahrain had already done so in 1961 and 1965 respectively  .
south africa launches crackdown on illegal initiation .
on 8 april 1991  ,  in the house he shared with euronymous  ,  he slit his throat and wrists with a knife and then shot himself in the forehead with a shotgun  .
trumps executive order on refugees ,  explained .
disturbed is a rock band from chicago  ,  illinois  .
the storm strengthened a little bit while moving right along the north coast of puerto rico  ,  and after an increase in convection near the center  ,  olga made landfall near punta cana  ,  dominican republic at 1800 utc on december 11  .
in that episode  ,  the deactivation of their emotional inhibitors drives the converted cybermen insane when they realize what they have become  ,  killing them  .
policewoman ,  pregnant teacher hanged in afghanistan .
four months after her divorce  ,  on 24 december 1935  ,  colbert married dr .  joel j .  pressman  ,  a throat specialist  ,  who died in 1968 ; her former husband went on to marry the actress sally blane  ,  a sister of loretta young  .
report: public schools in the district remain highly segregated .
titan gains ,  credit suisse upgrades stock to outperform .
pressure in britain builds on theresa may to step aside as her top aides resign ,  her party plots her possible ouster .
as the bolsheviks came nearer  ,  alexander kerensky moved them to tobolsk  ,  siberia  .
sometimes a pet dog is so important that its name is the first word a baby speaks .
they will learn about communication skills ,  possible problems and where to get help .
the assad supporter who is also a virginia state senator .
the man says that the giant lobsters were really big .  they were around 6 kilos heavy .
for other people they are nothing ,  only small lights in the sky .
both the olympic and paralympic games were organized by the vancouver organizing committee ( vanoc )  .
finland was the first european country to introduce women s suffrage  ,  in 1906  .
note that the word `` archive  has a capital a  ,  there is a space before the number  ,  and there are no leading zeros  .
president obama’s no-win scenario on whether to allow 9/11 families to sue saudi arabia .
battle over scalia’s replacement already spilling into senate races .
supreme court upholds arizona redistricting plan .
in 1951 and 1952  ,  he conducted again at the bayreuth festspielhaus where he changed the seating plan for the orchestra that had been compulsory since wagner made it in 1876  .
starting with anika  ,  the names are assigned in alphabetical order with the lists used in rotating order without regard to year  .
another possibility is that there was a shutdown or slowing of thermohaline circulation  ,  also known as the `` great ocean conveyor  or `` meridional overturning circulation   .
once the show aired  ,  the model with the great backside became the talk of latinos everywhere  .
medical costs push u . s .  consumer prices higher in august .
dixon signed with chess records as a recording artist but soon was involved in the record business  .
the balloon is light now .
man fatally shot in northeast washington .
the ninth month of the muslim year is ramadan .
men fatally shot in separate incidences friday identified by police .
saramago was born into a family of landless peasants in azinhaga  ,  portugal  ,  a small village in the province of ribatejo some hundred kilometers north-east of lisbon  .
a cool change hit the state in the early evening  ,  but it had gale force south-westerly winds of more than 120 km\/h  .
someone makes an app .
this news is from berlin .  boxes with bananas come to a supermarket .
once the seeds are exposed or ground  ,  they quickly lose their flavor  .
three women died and 100 people were injured  ,  a few badly  .
döbeln is a district in the free state of saxony  ,  germany  .
between 1970 and 1973  ,  he was the principal conductor of the vienna symphony orchestra  .
donald trump hires veteran gop operative rick wiley .
pope francis also talks to the senate and the house of representatives .
american english or united states english is the dialect of english language spoken in the united states  .
rod piazza ( born december 18  ,  1947  ,  riverside  ,  california ) is a blues harmonica player and singer from the united states  .
he thinks that the united states is trying to help people in syria
he will help people learn more about wolves
since 1926 there has been a church of england diocese of leicester and in 1927 the church of st martin became leicester cathedral  .
woman charged with stabbing pepperell man .
scientists at nasa study it .  they take a picture of it every eight hours .
as a woman s estrogen ( a hormone ) levels decrease with menopause  ,  the risk of urinary tract infections increases due to the loss of protective vaginal flora ( good bacterial that live in the vagina )  .
she sees that her baby looks different .  it has a different colour skin .
the distance between hive and flowers is shown in the duration of the waggle runs  .
scientists want to get humans to mars .
as darkness fell  ,  both sides thought about the situation and made plans for action  .
-- `` my time will come  !
at the mareth line  ,  20 march to 27 march  ,  when montgomery encountered stronger opposition than he had expected  ,  he switched to trying to move around the side of the germans  ,  backed by low-flying raf fighter-bomber support  .
the man sees that the dolphin is not ok .  it cannot swim well .
some studio movies released direct-to-video are movies which have been completed but were never released  .
men can take lessons to be a better parent .
santander reduce rates .
she was rude to the babys mother .
otho was not keen to begin another civil war and sent emissaries to propose a peace and inviting vitellius to be his son-in-law  .
the club finished this year at the 8th place  ,  the third best season for bochum ever  .
while the median household income has increased 44 % since 1990 it has decreased very slightly when considering inflation  .
( in the 1970s the douglass house was later used as an african art museum by warren m .  robbins )  .
video of cato institute forum on the world according to star wars .
historians think that it is a statue of ramses ii .
they were frequently used by runners delivering messages throughout the incan empire  .
the name bánica comes from the taíno name of the region  ,  banique ( `` land of ebony trees  )  .
they also wanted to help .
they pay 1 , 000 dollars to reserve it .  however ,  they must wait for the car .
he will now work in africa on conservation projects .
the group itself is part of the virgo supercluster ( also called the local supercluster )  .
it runs there .  security cameras film it .
scotland is also divided into zones by the a7  ,  a8 and a9 leave from edinburgh  .
boys’ soccer top 10: good counsel ,  damascus join the rankings .
like millions of people in the soviet union  ,  the gagarin family suffered during the nazi invasion in world war ii  .
remembering mary tyler moore .
at five years old  ,  campbell was enrolled at the barbara speake stage school  ,  and at the age of ten  ,  she was accepted into the italia conti academy of theatre arts  ,  where she studied ballet  .
acromyrmex and atta show a high degree of biological polymorphism  ,  with four castes in established colonies - minims  ,  minors  ,  mediae and majors  .
this may in turn have come from the proto-indo-european word  ,  \* pedóm -  ,  meaning an `` occupied space  or `` footprint  .
the circle is 75 metres in diameter .  it is made up of three circles .
they use anti-trump slogans .  they say bad words to the president .
his brother orestes died in 1881  ,  and tornero he took over the mercurio library  ,  which was mainly focused on editing teaching material and works translated from french  .
it is on the north queensland coast  ,  and includes the towns of ayr  ,  bowen  ,  mackay  ,  proserpine and parts of townsville  .
in 1900 mandelstam entered the prestigious tenishevsky school  ,  which also counts vladimir nabokov and other significant figures of russian ( and soviet ) culture among its alumni  .
this is in march 2011 .
fire at houston mosque may have been intentionally set ,  official says .
former woodridge mayoral candidate arrested .
the man calls the police .  the police come and stop the cat
a two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates  .
a 7 .
macfarlane went to rhode island school of design ( risd )  ,  a school in rhode island where he studied animation  .
rewriting no child left behind .
in this case the user s activity might be overestimated  .
they come to the delectable mountains where the shepherds show them some of the wonders of the place also known as ` immanuel s land   .
the parables of jesus  ,  can be found in matthew  ,  mark  ,  luke and john  ,  as well as in some of the gospels not in the bible  ,  but are located mainly within the three synoptic gospels  .
the international bear brotherhood flag is a flag representing the international bear community  .
the new york americans were a professional ice hockey team  ,  the third expansion team in the history of the national hockey league ( nhl ) and the second to play in the united states  .
it is what led the united states into world war ii  .
harford county won’t release names of deputies involved in fatal shooting .
t-mobile: exempting hbo and netflix from data caps doesn’t violate net neutrality .
jessie k .  liu nominated to be u . s .  attorney for the district of columbia .
francis lewis high school  ,  p . s .  26 ( rufus king school )  ,  m . s .  216 ( george j .  ryan middle school )  ,  and p . s .  173 ( the fresh meadows school ) are other schools in the neighborhood  .
billy ray cyrus says miley wanted a special moment .
budai then picks up his bag and walks away  .
first full class for byu’s sitake filled with versatility .
nokia lumia 625 launched in india: .
another one of thornton s early roles was on the cbs sitcom hearts afire with john ritter and markie post  .
michelle obama gives her last interview as the first lady .  she talks about her husband .
at&t to buy time warner for $85 . 4 billion .
it has the ability to sense the aura in all living things  ,  and can use telepathic human speech  .
over 40 , 000 villagers evacuate
president donald trump wants to put tariffs on chinese goods .
when emily had left  ,  bagpuss would wake up  .
a maryland court is the first to require a warrant for covert cellphone tracking .
a researcher said teachers and doctors should talk about loneliness to children and patients .
he is italian .
the army used the term `` transporters  for shipping household goods of officers in the field  .
people can not travel on the bay most of the year because of the ice cover and large amount of floating ice and icebergs in the open areas  .
trump to recognize jerusalem as israel’s capital in policy shift that could spark unrest .
in 1910  ,  pretoria then became the administrative capital of all of south africa  ,  with cape town the legislative capital  .
the school at this time was one of a few `` very good public schools for african americans  in the area  .
mix of snow ,  freezing rain expected in northland on sunday morning .
his father was the bassist in 1970s group mungo jerry  .
man charged after stabbing .
dog the bounty hunter reveals dog died ‘of a broken heart’ amid wife’s cancer crisis .
also  ,  the clock on the fly n buy souvenir shop is stopped at the exact time the sound barrier was broken on oct 14  ,  1947 by chuck yeager  .
doug coe ,  spiritual power broker who convened national prayer breakfast ,  dies at 88 .
shawinigan is a city on the saint-maurice river in quebec  ,  canada  .
car bombs hit iraqi capital ,  killing 33 people .
it was also believed that the plants made medicine to cure each sickness that entered the world  .
the olympic games will be in brazil .  people are also happy about it
an adult would have been about twice as long ( 15 metres ( 49 ft ) in length )  ,  which is still less than half the length of its gigantic kin  ,  like argentinosaurus and paralititan  .
during the ten days of competition  ,  the stadium hosted all athletics events and the rugby sevens  .
ecozones are characterized by the evolutionary history of the plants and animals they contain  .
hillary clinton to deliver 2017 commencement address at wellesley college .
iberia becomes first airline to allow passengers to download and print luggage tags .
the engraving process with diamonds is state of the art since the 1960s  .
during the 1860s the land was sold into small farm lots  ,  used for cereals  ,  cattle grazing  ,  and dairying  .
the u . s .  marines fired at the japanese ships with their six 5 in 127mm coastal artillery guns  .
search for malaysia airlines flight 370 finally called off with mystery unsolved .
females grow up to 10 cm and make shells up to 30 cm  ,  while males rarely grow larger than 2 cm  .
he ignores the red light .
why david letterman was sad at the white house state dinner .
property owner sues over land near new vikings stadium .
as the atmospheric conditions surrounding tropical depression twelve were favorable for tropical development  ,  the system began to strengthen  ,  was upgraded to tropical storm status and given the name katrina on the morning of august 24  .
mike tyson says lebron james blocked his view at mayweather-mcgregor fight .
these people worry about the radar that works with the rocket launchers .  they think that it will be dangerous for their health .
they make them look stupid .
this became used by biologists all over the world  ,  and he is known as the `` father of modern taxonomy   .
ronnie claire edwards ,  actress on ‘waltons , ’ dies at 83 .
this news is about the egyptian airlines flight ms804 .  it crashes into the mediterranean sea last thursday .
flight attendants participate in self-defense training .
in every state ,  majorities oppose trump’s proposed ban on transgender military service .
lauren saks joins the post as senior producer for creative video .
it is about little lions .  they must pass a swimming test .
howard schaffer ,  south asia specialist and ambassador to bangladesh ,  dies at 88 .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
they put the video on the internet .
in college he studied in tonga in the south pacific and sierra leone  ,  south africa  .
these include fences ,  immigration laws ,  and people who hate them .
nasa said three of the planets get heat like the earth ,  so life could exist .
howard davis jr .  ,  boxer who won olympic gold while in mourning ,  dies at 59 .
metro officer who arrested teen carrying lollipop has history of complaints .
tributes pour in for peerless broadcaster david frost .
céline marie claudette dion  ,  chld ( french pronunciation : ( selin djɔ̃ ) ( listen ) ; born march 30  ,  1968 ) is a canadian singer  .
trump’s candidacy sparking ‘a surge’ in citizenship ,  voter applications .
man ,  67 ,  charged in slaying of man ,  30 ,  in northeast washington .
even if a change violates the exact wording of a rule  ,  it might still be a good change  .
he is known for his dribbling and his tackling  .
when peter loses his jacket and his shoes  ,  mr .  mcgregor uses them to dress a scarecrow  .
hispanic employees sue target over discrimination .
are 80 percent or 0 . 1 percent of the 9th circuit court’s decisions overturned ?  .
the washington post launches new video player for continuous viewing while reading .
just because melo trimble should return to maryland doesn’t mean he will .
poor ,  sick and still traveling long distances for health care in d . c .  .
it came into existence on 1 april 1937 as a result of the shortening of `` united provinces   .
after school  ,  smith studied drama and creative writing at the university of east anglia  .
in muscle atrophy  ,  the normal balance between protein synthesis and protein degradation changes  .
usa today thinks trump is so ‘unfit for the presidency’ that it just wrote a historic anti-endorsement .
pope francis also talks to the senate and the house of representatives .  he is the first pope to do this
they were smaller than later stegosaurs and had shorter and higher skulls  .
neurotechnologies of the treasure coast announces expansion ,  collaboration .
the state average rainfall level of 209 . 45 mm was much bigger the old record of 200 . 1 mm set in 1975  .
the division is named after the north sydney area  .
cybermen have a number of weaknesses over the years  .
the city of melbourne is now in the news because it changes a man to a woman on some traffic lights .
the head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate  ,  sulfur  ,  sugar  ,  and rubber  .
the `` tc19z  ribozyme can add up to 95 nucleotides with great accuracy  .
critics say that the ban could make some islamic terrorists angry
` dicke   ,  meaning fat or big in german  ,  is apparently not a reference to the physical aspect of ms krupp  .
in 1621  ,  edward winslow and susanna white became the first couple to marry in plymouth colony  .
the slavs started to move here in the 5th century  .
joseph paull ,  post newsroom executive and lawyer ,  dies at 97 .
for the 2001-2002 season nine cast members were nominated for emmys  .
it also had changes in the cartridge port to allow for the atari 2600 adapter released that year  .
celebrating international women’s day around the world .
yes ,  we are talking about the supermoon .
figure skating champ johnny weir wears a new hat .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
he has composed a song to illustrate that point  .
someone said the restaurant is giving venice a bad name .
most galaxies  ,  including dwarf galaxies  ,  form in association with dark matter or out of gas containing metals  .
dorothy mary hodgkin om frs ( 12 may 1910 - 29 july 1994 )  ,  née crowfoot  ,  was a british chemist  ,  credited with the development of protein crystallography  .
the world health organization does not like the use of `` urine bags  to collect samples because there is a high rate of contamination when that urine is cultured  .
it is a net oriented novel  .
their two surviving children also lost their württemberg princely titles  .
it happens at a square .  the bakers move the big cake there .  people cut the cake .
florida football player arrested for allegedly firing a gun at his pregnant girlfriend .
they feed her six times a day .  they feed her a special polar bear formula .
renault making progress on engine faults - reports .
back home in jamaica ,  people are very proud of him .
despite the show being condemned by cctv as being `` vulgar and manipulative   ,  season 3 of the show was launched and finished in early october 2006  .
legendary pictures  ,  inc .  ( also called legendary entertainment ) is an american movie production company  .
15 people declared their candidacy for the democratic party nomination  .
termites and cockroaches are very closely related  ,  with ecological and molecular data pointing to a relationship with the cockroach genus cryptocercus  .
it costs about 699 dollars (469 pounds) .
there will also be more urban sports and more women in tokyo .
caprivi was german chancellor from march 1890 to october 1894  .
midgley was born in beaver falls  ,  pennsylvania  .
kelly brook engaged to david mcintosh .
the distinguished eagle scout award ( desa ) is a similar distinguished award  ,  but requires twenty-five years as an eagle scout  .
during the years of the nazi occupation of world war ii  ,  he worked with the french resistance and wrote anti-fascist songs  .
he was between 20 to 25 years old .
canton jura is in northwest switzerland  .
pedestrian fatally struck in district; motorist charged with dui .
the migrants are at a stadium .
fairfax will spend $22 million on silver line road improvements .
theft of equifax data could lead to years of grief for home buyers and mortgage applicants .
goldfish in this part of china are popular .  people export them to countries around the world
the cows get sick .  there are always flies around the them .
the oil comes out of the pipeline .  it gets into the sea .
the original releases were encoded in region 1 ( usa )  ,  a dvd type that plays only in american dvd players  .
the anc has reportedly wasted over r1 billion of taxpayers  money over the past eight months on luxury vehicles  ,  expensive hotels  ,  banquets  ,  advertising and other `` wasteful expenditure  the main thrust behind this reporting is the official opposition in the country  ,  the democratic alliance ( da )  .
over-confident about practical application of his mathematical knowledge  ,  he thought he could regulate the floods of the nile  .
his great-grandfather charles blair had been a rich gentleman who had married lady mary fane  ,  and he was supported by money from slave plantations in jamaica  .
being a peninsula  ,  fish dishes form a major part of the historical and modern recipes in cornwall  ,  with the fishing industry playing a major part in its economy  .
mcgraw attended shawnee mission north high school in mission  ,  kansas  .
fetus found inside passenger jeepney .
the biggest liger is over 400 kilograms .
we didnt start the fire .
two women arrested after separate stabbings in syracuse .
repeated cache hits are rare  ,  because the buffer is very small compared to the size of the hard drive  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
on november 1  ,  2003 the district was renamed from erftkreis to rhein-erft-kreis  .
payson man dies in crash .
he began his coaching career at vanderbilt university  ,  where he coached special teams  ,  tight ends and h-backs for the commodores from 1995-96  .
a slide has opened in l .
jade ewen ( born 24 january 1988 ) is an english singer and actress  .
pope francis appeals for reconciliation in war-scarred colombia .
wilkinson won the nobel prize for this work in 1973  ,  with ernst otto fischer  .
sapieha was born in 1867 in the castle of krasiczyn  .
canadian man: it is not possible .
berkeley college hosts free seminar .
michael stanley dukakis ( greek : μιχαήλ δούκάκῆς  ,  born november 3  ,  1933 ) served as the 65th and 67th governor of massachusetts  ,  from 1975 to 1979 and 1983 to 1991  .
‘they said they panicked’: sisters confess to burying their 94-year-old father ,  police say .
friuli venezia-giulia is a region in the north-east of italy on the adriatic sea  .
putin gets it for his 65th birthday .
almost two children a day abducted by parents .
on june 1  ,  the first day of the atlantic hurricane season  ,  this cyclone organized into tropical storm barry  ,  even thought it was in an area of high wind shear  .
he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1863 after the battle of stones river  .
they are going down .  suddenly ,  somebody shouts ,  free burgers .
the pill gave mice 70 per cent more stamina .
attorneys for man accused of killing levy request evidence on gary condit .
this account then explains why the resulting flag of hawaii was a deliberate combination of the two nations  flags  .
lynchburg police investigating shooting .
a headstone was placed on james law s grave on 5 may  ,  1985  .
there was an attack on people in the town of nice .
pro-slavery border ruffians  ,  mostly from missouri  ,  illegally voted in a government  .
new draft of ‘is qualified immunity unlawful ? ’ .
in the united states air force a staff sergeant ( ssgt ) is the title of an e-5  .
everton s current shirt sponsor is a beer maker from thailand  ,  chang beer  .
two awards are given : `` best long poem   ,  for poetry of 50 or more lines  ,  and `` best short poem   ,  for works of 49 or fewer lines  .
in china ,  a man sees a panda .
she named the first new chemical element that she discovered ( 1898 ) `` polonium   .
della rovere was born in celle ligure  ,  a town near savona in liguria  .
there was the largest fireworks display ever in singapore .
the tree is close to a house .
lee went to night school at dongji commercial high school  .
he never knew his father and had very little education  .
work !  work !  schuyler sisters from ‘hamilton’ to sing at super bowl .
they have one child  ,  bingham hawn bellamy ( born on july 9  ,  2011 )  .
businessman who pleaded guilty to bribing sheriff has sentence delayed .
capitol hill elementary school teacher acquitted on sexual assault charges .
amir d .  aczel ,  author of ‘fermat’s last theorem’ and other best sellers ,  dies .
two d . c .  men found slain in vehicles sunday .
baidu takes 59% stake in nuomi for $160 million .
in the us he directed crime and punishment at arena stage and lulu at the lyric opera of chicago  .
you can watch it for 7 hours .
it was organised by the schutzstaffel - ss-baubrigade i-which was first under supervision of the sachsenhausen concentration camp near berlin ; and from mid-february 1943 under the neuengamme camp in northern germany  .
downfall in rupee to hit trade with pakistan through attari border .
oshiomhole commiserates with soyinka .
upset by this  ,  piper tells mahree how disappointed she is in her  .
the park contained pheasants and wild deer  ,  and a wall was built around the whole area to stop them escaping  .
stoiber is a great football fan and he supports the fc bayern munich  .
in that same year  ,  he began to record the first of many solo records of `` charlie kunz medleys   .
man accused of setting two dumpsters on fire .
two people arrested in u . k .  in hacking of d . c .  police closed-circuit camera network .
in 2003  ,  hurst received the laureate award from the arts foundation of new zealand  .
then the people feel more relaxed .
however ,  sleep is important .  people must sleep .
they were not stopped by the austrian army  ,  instead the wehrmacht troops were greeted by cheering austrian germans with hitler salutes  ,  nazi flags and flowers  .
the art gallery is on a sunken ship .  the photographs are behind glass .
he only went back to japan once  ,  and that was to marry his wife  .
how the tax bill impacts homeowners ,  buyers and sellers .
leeds rhinos ( used to be leeds rlfc ) are a rugby league team in leeds  ,  west yorkshire  .
some things haven’t changed in d . c .  schools .
as the electric blues began sunnyland slim played with blues musicians like muddy waters  ,  howlin  wolf  ,  robert lockwood  ,  jr .   ,  and little walter  .
a depression formed from an area of disturbed weather on august 17  .
exit music festival opens .
the amoebozoa also include the myxozoan slime moulds  ,  multinucleate or multicellular forms which produce spores and are usually visible to the unaided eye  .
potassium is a common element found in many materials  ,  such as micas  ,  clay  ,  tephra  ,  and evaporites  .
he is on the building for an hour .
u . s .  chamber of commerce vows to hold congress accountable on tax reform .
sarah mclachlan ( born january 28  ,  1968 ) is a canadian singer and songwriter who is known for her beautiful  ,  emotional music  .
somebody steals cars and expensive things in england .  these things are worth £500 , 000 .
intel to reduce global workforce .
he set up a depot camp at cullyamurra waterhole before digging up the bodies of burke and wills and taking them to melbourne for a state funeral  .
cbi court exempts anil ambani from personal appearance on friday .
the anode is of pure mercury  ,  and the electrolyte is a solution of cadmium sulphate  .
worldwide ,  people rally in support of women’s march on washington .
tropical storm wilma began to turn to the west-northwest on october 18  ,  during which the storm developed a small  ,  intermittent and ragged eye feature as well as a mid-level eye feature  .
the 1920 summer olympics  ,  officially known as the games of the vii olympiad  ,  were held at antwerp in belgium  .
my article is about a notable person my article is about a person who may not be notable my article is about myself
the food and drug administration ( fda ) approved dbs as a treatment for tremors in 1997  ,  for parkinson s disease in 2002  ,  tourette syndrome in 1999  ,  and dystonia in 2003  .
they go to hospital .
they are in danger of dying out
panathinaikos technical director nikos dabizas attacked by fans .
american university president neil kerwin to step down next year .
he was able to start the process to split scotland from the united kingdom  ,  and worked endlessly on creating the scotland act  ,  popularly known as smith s `` unfinished business   .
fix or nix the iran nuclear deal ,  netanyahu demands ahead of trump meeting .
a doctor checks mr krueger .
howard county sheriff resigns over alleged racist ,  anti-semitic remarks .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
jean todt is re-elected as the president of the fia .
the city was defended by the 116th panzer division  ,  under the command of general gerhard von schwerin  .
1 . 99 % of the population said they were hispanic or latino of any race  .
at the fatal 4-way pay-per-view on june 20  ,  he lost the championship to rey mysterio in a fatal four-way match  ,  which also had cm punk and the big show  .
d . c .  officer shoots man who had knife in clay terrace ,  department says .
at about 3 a . m .  ( local time )  ,  breckinridge and his small army began to travel across walkers mountain  .
victim in parkway crash was youfen zhou ,  62 ,  of china .
los angeles kings captain dustin brown turns 29 .
another extension adds behavior to the phenotype since behaviors are also affected by both genotypic and environmental factors  .
transcript: the democratic debate in milwaukee ,  annotated .
in germany a kreisfreie stadt is the equivalent term for a city which is responsible for the local and the kreis ( district ) administrative level  .
they charge the prankster .  they say that he blocks the road .
russia rebuffs wests demands to withdraw from crimea .
blessed was the narrator of the sky1 series crash test dummies  ,  starring steve marsh and dan wright  .
grubhub inc .  announces pricing of initial public offering .
lebanese army reopens road to town near syrian border .
it will work in malls ,  airports and on the streets .
the vet later sees the fox with its mother
st .  margarets house hosts a charity fashion show .
we will resist any international inquiry: .
woman in ‘demon assassin’ case found criminally insane in her children’s deaths .
columbia journalism review: how the times have changed for the washington post .
the backroom at kingbird ,  previewed: civilized and sophisticated .
he was also part of the tennis team  .
barium chlorate is used in fireworks to make a green color  .
trump to democrats: ‘come over to the white house’ for health-care negotiation .
in the first three series  ,  clues in rounds 1 and 2 and the connecting walls in round 3 are were shown by greek letters  .
the pc world magazine said: maybe you should…use the selfie sticks that were all born with - your arms .
many provide work in machine construction  ,  medical equipment  ,  international trade  ,  optics and electronics  .
five shootings reported in d . c .  on the day after christmas .
bernie sanders praises muhammad ali’s ‘incredibly courageous’ opposition to the vietnam war .
calvin johnson is automatic on thanksgiving day .
many  ,  notably aristotle  ,  regard him as the first philosopher in the greek tradition  .
some people criticise this .
turning the volume down and listening for an hour a day can reduce hearing loss .
he was born in pitane  ,  a town of aeolis  ,  in asia minor  .
they say that it had problems staying in the air
the scientists grew lettuce in it .
in october he was arrested with malatesta  ,  then released and expelled from france  .
although carpentier wrote many types of writing  ,  such as journalism  ,  radio drama  ,  playwrighting  ,  academic essays  ,  opera and libretto  ,  he is best known for his novels  .
it is made of 2121 verses in 40 sanskrit and prakrit metres and is separated into 21 cantos ( sargas ) and each contains 101 verses  .
army lieutenant colonel gets 20 years in child pornography case .
anti-graft jan lokpal bill must be discussed at stadium: .
gene shalit wrote for the daily illini for six years at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign  .
couples leads charles schwab cup championship .
geri allen ,  versatile jazz pianist who appeared with musical greats ,  dies at 60 .
the earliest fossils of the genus cycas appear in the cainozoic  ,  but cycas-like fossils occur well into the mesozoic  .
three firefighters are injured .  around 500 buildings are destroyed .  only one woman dies .
it was decided to use the apollo service module engines to get the spacecraft into a higher orbit  ,  as had been done in apollo 4  .
production began in may 1953  ,  with an empty beer hall in spandau as the main shooting location  .
she published poetry and fiction  .
each of the ten heavenly stems is associated with one of the five elements of chinese astrology  .
stella artois launches 750ml christmas bottle .
milt schmidt ,  hockey hall of famer with boston bruins ,  dies at 98 .
the occupation lasted for three years and eight months until japan gave up at the end of second world war  .
together with the ratites  ,  they make up palaeognathae ( `` old jaws  )  ,  while all other living birds are members of neognathae ( `` new jaws  )  .
martin ward believes hes set to make history this weekend .
most tourists leave the city with happy memories .
the first try at `` presidential government  in 1926-1927 failed for lack of political support  .
we don’t know why he does it .
people post lies about other people .
soon he met a flower .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
there are two officers  ,  the senior being the astronomer royal dating from june 22  ,  1675  ,  and the second the astronomer royal for scotland  ,  which dates from 1834  .
palm oil producer accused of supporting attacks on liberian civilians .
members of congress may now use campaign funds for personal home security .
he worked at many jobs including as a cotton picker earning 35 cents per 100 pound  ,  managing a fruit stand  ,  and delivering newspapers  .
territories with borders on the sea ( clockwise from north ) include : south korea  ,  japan  ,  taiwan  ,  and mainland china  .
south africa is ranked sixth out of the world s 17 megadiverse countries  ,  with more than 20 , 000 different kinds of plants  ,  or about 10 % of all the known species of plants on earth  ,  making it very rich in plant biodiversity  .
the english name ( phoenix ) comes from the irish fionn uisce meaning `` clear water   .
people give it cakes ,  honey ,  books and coupons for a haircut
pitchblende found in germany was used by m .  klaproth in 1789 to discover the element uranium  .
after that season  ,  mcgraw moved to midwestern state university in wichita falls  ,  texas  .
to increase the comfort of pedestrians  ,  a plan was put into action to reduce the impact of motorized private vehicles  .
a police officer killed an unarmed motorcyclist .  he should be off the force .  .
wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales supported essjay s use of an identity  ,  saying  ,  `` i regard it as a pseudonym and i do nt really have a problem with it  .
not a member of any party  ,  gauck was nominated by the opposition spd and greens as their presidential candidate on 3 june  .
this zoo does not have enough money .  it must sell two lion cubs .
jeffrey buttle ( born september 1  ,  1982 ) is a figure skater from canada  .
make your next thanksgiving leftovers sandwich a turlafel .
a vindication of the rights of woman : with strictures on political and moral subjects is a book written by mary wollstonecraft in 1792  .
he does not stop .  a train hits the man .
vézina attended school at the petit séminaire de chicoutimi until the age of fourteen  ,  when he left the school to help at his father s bakery  .
in first month of trump presidency ,  state department has been sidelined .
since 2008  ,  she has played the role of matriarch gemma teller morrow in the fx drama series sons of anarchy  .
conor mcgregor to floyd: ive got boxing training video ,  too  .
the title lord lieutenant is given to the british monarch s personal representatives around the united kingdom  ,  usually in a county  ,  with varying tasks throughout history  .
iran hangs 16 rebels in reprisal for border deaths .
scott wilson named national editor .
``how was your weekend ?  .
he gets a sickness called ‘trench foot’ .
small  ,  fast moving prey may be caught by a flick of the tongue  .
boy ,  12 ,  struck and seriously injured by vehicle while in crosswalk .
15 albuquerque men indicted for drug trafficking .
best places to work in the federal government data can point the way to better employee engagement .
mount rainier is a mountain 54 miles ( 87 kilometres ) southeast of seattle  ,  washington  ,  in the united states  .
dartmouth man faces child pornography charges .
per wiberg also joined the band on keyboards  ,  and after more than a year on tour  ,  opeth went back home to start writing more new songs in 2004  .
t-mobile wants to give your phone number superpowers .
the road begins at us 9 in the village of rhinebeck  ,  which is 200 feet ( 61 m ) above sea level  .
the truck ,  a bus ,  and two ambulances collide .
a florida man wondered whether his flak jacket worked .  so his cousin picked up a gun .  .
anne holton ,  wife of clinton’s running mate ,  resigns as va . ’s education secretary .
mass .  unemployment rate at 7 . 2 percent in october ,  state adds more than 9 , 000 jobs .
the stanley cup playoffs are an elimination tournament consisting of four rounds of best-of-seven series  .
the term is used differently in different countries  ,  and thus may or may not require the same legal qualifications as a general legal practitioner ( i . e .   ,  a lawyer )  .
this has produced some of the most notable hominid fossil discoveries of the past two decades  ,  the most recent being kenyanthropus platyops  .
ny giants may offer workouts to josh freeman and/or matt flynn .
the technology company apple and the fbi are having a fight .
the ship does nothing .  the coastguard attacks .
acts in the 1890s featured a woman slowly removed her clothes in a vain search for a flea crawling on her body  .
something interesting happens in the sky .
inspired by an interview with stephen wolfram  ,  rucker became a computer science professor at san josé state university in 1986  .
helene also turned more northward and slowed down in the central atlantic  ,  which was because of a weakness in the subtropical ridge farther north created by gordon  .
swimming heats ?  after their meet was canceled ,  this georgia tech team dived into the snow .  .
there will be a solar eclipse in 2026 ,  too .  this year’s solar eclipse will happen on march 20th .
our own sun is in fact white  ,  but looks yellow through the earth s atmosphere due to what is called rayleigh scattering  .
pew forum on religious diversity says that 12 % are shia muslims while 3 % are ahmadi muslims  .
it was ruled by the kings of sussex  .
martin van buren was born on december 5  ,  1782 in kinderhook  ,  new york  ,  south of albany  .
he received his training at the berliner staatstheater ( the state theatre of berlin )  .
she said harry potter and hello kitty had a theme park ,  so it was good that nintendo had one too .
it is nine miles long .  a company operates the pipeline .
more than 119 people die .  around 200 homes are destroyed .
in 2009 hamlin won his fifth career race at pocono raceway on august 3  ,  2009  .
prana film was founded 1921 by enrico dieckmann and albin grau  .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
higher carbon content lowers steel s melting point and its temperature resistance in general  .
it is not definitively known what this fur rubbing is for  ,  but this may deter parasites such as ticks and insects  ,  or it may serve as a fungicide or bactericide or anti-inflammatory agent  .
on october 20  ,  1978  ,  firestone recalled over 7 million firestone 500 tires  .
republicans in congress divided over protecting mueller from being ousted by trump .
they also smoke more ,  drink more alcohol and take more drugs .
she was buried in the forbes cemetery  ,  aged 36  .
the tamar valley area of outstanding natural beauty covers around 195 km ² ( 75 square miles ) around the lower tamar ( below launceston ) and its tributaries the tavy and the lynher  .
there is a hula festival named for him  ,  the merrie monarch festival  .
it is also used to color the alcohol absinthe  ,  along with the melissa plant and roman wormwood  .
oleg vidov ,  popular soviet actor who defected during cold war ,  dies at 73 .
in 1994 ilmor also supplied the new pacific gp team of keith wiggins with the old 1993 version of the engines  .
later in the great war  ,  an l\/30 30 . 5-cm barrel was developed and fitted to a number of bertha carriages in order to provide longer-range  ,  though not quite as heavy fire  .
scientific researchers offer hypotheses as explanations of phenomena  ,  and design experiments to test these hypotheses  .
at the start of the game  ,  player-character jack is a passenger on a plane that goes down in the atlantic ocean in 1960  ,  after ordered society in rapture has collapsed  .
it has a surface area of 87 , 597 square kilometres ( 33 , 821 sq mi )  ,  17 . 3 percent of the territory of spain  .
he juggles with three footballs .  he does keepy uppies .
the scientists want to clone monkeys .  they want to study alzheimer’s and parkinson’s diseases
the bank thinks brazil will win five gold medals .
‘my whole arm was in its mouth’: woman loses arm in shark attack in the bahamas .
renata tebaldi ( february 1  ,  1922 - december 19  ,  2004 ) is an italian operatic soprano and one of the leading lyric-dramatic sopranos of the postwar period  .
elin arrives late at agnes s house  ,  mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party  ,  where there will be a boy she wants to avoid  .
palestinian president says u . s .  threat to close plo’s d . c .  office ‘dangerous’ for peace .
japan ,  canada and norway organise other ice festivals .
the 1928 games were the first true winter olympics held on its own and not as a part of a summer olympics  .
during the war  ,  indian and pakistani forces fought on the eastern and western fronts  .
spider-man has been one of the most popular and commercially successful superheroes  .
baseball field shooting captures both sides of the nation’s gun control debate .
how to create a doorway in a concrete block wall .
the romans adopted the greek tradition  ,  becoming the first people to write history in a non-greek language  .
by late on october 19  ,  the winds in hurricane wilma decreased to 160 mph ( 260 km\/h ) as the inner 5 mile ( 8 km ) wide eye weakened and the wind field expanded  .
the washington post honored news ,  production ,  engineering staff at 34th annual eugene meyer awards .
supreme court gives second chance to man facing deportation because of bad lawyering .
the depression continued quickly westward and remained weak until the 8th  ,  when it slowed enough to strengthen to a tropical storm  .
mason man arrested after allegedly pulling gun on juveniles .
voyager 2 also found four rings and found proof for ring arcs  ,  or incomplete rings around neptune  .
ray s first movie  ,  pather panchali  ,  won eleven international prizes  ,  including best human document at cannes film festival  .
the post was created with the formation of the department of energy on october 1  ,  1977 by president jimmy carter s signing of the department of energy organization act  .
early members  ,  such as psittacosaurus  ,  were small and bipedal  .
he started his farewell tour in 2004  ,  at the age of 69  ,  performing one last time in old and new locations  ,  after over 40 years on the stage  .
why president obama’s new budget is more relevant than you thought .
as copper approaches tod as he lies in the lake below  ,  slade appears and is ready to fire at tod  ,  but copper puts his body in front of tod  ,  and refuses to move away  .
the closest area where ships can come near the city is hawk s nest anchorage  ,  which  ,  though protected from the wind  ,  should only be entered in good light because of reefs near the entrance  .
on the 4th of october 2011  ,  koller was declared as the new coach of the austrian national team ( öfb )  .
georgetown can do more to compensate the descendants of slaves .
new jersey concedes that state stun gun ban violates the second amendment .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
jenny macklin is the minister for families  ,  housing  ,  community services and indigenous affairs and former deputy leader of the australian labor party  .
the 727-200 is a longer version of 727-100  .
they want to raise 300 , 000 pounds .
in 1934  ,  his entry was second in the health council competition and in 1935 he won a poster competition for the london city council  .
there are definitely some musical things that are out of the ordinary  ,  but it sounds like a bluegrass record to me  .
it was designed by ron rivest  ,  matt robshaw  ,  ray sidney  ,  and yiqun lisa yin  ,  and was also submitted to the nessie and cryptrec projects  .
the noises come from the extractor fan .
john barry humphries  ,  ao  ,  cbe ( born 17 february 1934 ) is an australian comedian  ,  satirist  ,  dadaist  ,  artist  ,  author and character actor  .
the scientists are from the netherlands .  they can make a little piece of meat .  it is very expensive at the moment .
they use 18 metres of tweed .
stanley baluik ( born october 5  ,  1935 in port arthur  ,  ontario ) is a former canadian ice hockey center and professional golfer  .
it is on the west anglia main line  ,  and train services are provided by national express east anglia  .
gambon was born in dublin during world war ii  .
in sum  ,  an individual has an advantage if it is in the larger of two groups ( assuming that the probability of detection and attack does not increase disproportionately with the size of the group )  .
he retired from conducting in 1971 and died in zürich in 1973  ,  aged 88  .
kenneth `` ken  moore whisenhunt ( born february 28  ,  1962 in augusta  ,  georgia ) is the american football head coach of the arizona cardinals nfl football team  ,  leading them to the first super bowl in ream history during the 2008 season  .
last year ,  the doctor could not go on holiday .  he could not find anyone to replace him .
many of these scenes are present or at least alluded to in the original  .
the corps of engineers stated that if the galveston sea wall was not there  ,  that another $ 100 million dollars in damage could have occurred  .
famous people walk with models with down’s syndrome in the fashion show .
the andes are the result of plate tectonics processes  ,  caused by the subduction of oceanic crust beneath the south american continental plate  .
why fbi director james b .  comey was able to defy justice bosses on clinton email announcement .
whatever you do ,  michelle fields ,  do not sue trump campaign manager corey lewandowski .
today ,  milk is much cleaner
the police stop .  one officer wants to ask his boyfriend a question .
near oklahoma ,  usa ,  an oil rig explodes .  twenty people are working around the oil rig .
they were buried in a funeral ceremony in 1998 at peter and paul cathedral in st .  petersburg with those of her parents and two of her sisters  .
leaving iranian airspace: champagne ,  chocolates and a ‘state of disbelief’ .
he is the second-highest scorer of all-time in world championship play  .
one of them has a gun .  he points it at the owner .  the criminal fires ,  but the gun jams .
after kendrick briefly left wwe  ,  london formed a tag team with billy kidman  ,  and together they won the wwe tag team championship  .
thomas robert cech ( born december 8  ,  1947 in chicago ) is an american chemist who shared the 1989 nobel prize in chemistry with sidney altman  .
maryland also eases access to birth control .
this is the event’s third year .
actress lucy lawless has been quoted in several interviews as saying she would be interested in participating in a xena movie as well  .
she developed theories to explain the control of genetic information from one generation of maize plants to the next  .
it catches insect and small vertebrate prey disturbed by these animals  .
woman arrested after allegedly crashing vehicle into pharmacy while drunk .
three men plead not guilty in death of american university graduate last summer .
sarah huckabee sanders: there’s no war against the media .
other awards received by maurer included the inness jr .  prize of the salmagundi club in 1900 and a bronze medal at the pan-american exposition at buffalo  ,  new york in 1901  .
christmas has always been her favorite .
salems comeback bid falls short vs .  alliance .
the wind blows up to 210 miles an hour (340 kilometres per hour) .  the wind rips roofs off houses .
moscow man charged with vehicular manslaughter .
they say that people must choose between two bad people
his influence on a younger generation of ethologists  ,  as well as his books  ,  were important in bringing ethology to the attention of the general public  .
us trade deficit narrowed in june .
paul dergarabedian joins rentrak as analyst .
normal service resumes after earlier delays on metro’s yellow line .
however ,  he doesn’t get inside .
asia has the top seven busiest air routes .
on july 23  ,  1993 he became the first foreign minister of the nagorno-karabakh republic  .
britain ,  germany ,  australia and france do not like it .  britain says that its county is not leaving the deal .
the females each build an untidy nest  ,  usually low to the ground in a moist gully  ,  where each lays a single egg  .
plant cells which are ( differentiated ) generally can not divide or produce cells of a different type  .
hurricane john was the longest lasting and most continuous tropical cyclone on earth in recorded history  .
brooke is also the oldest living former republican senator and oldest living former senator after the death of harry f .  byrd  ,  jr .  in july 2013  .
he began to play football at tennis borussia berlin and came to the youth teams of hertha bsc berlin in 2002  .
working in the photo lab ,  a picture of washington through strangers’ eyes .
what does this burger taste like ?  one eater said that it would be nice with rice
5 weeks .
the heimlich manoeuvre works very well .
they are trapped in the cave for 18 days .
some texas stores believed that the sale figures for dreaming of you in their state were wrong because the album had sold poorly at their music stores  .
on 20 december  ,  vitellius was defeated  ,  and the following day vespasian was declared emperor by the roman senate  .
the caterpillar of the gypsy moth ( lymantria dispar ) causes great harm to forests in the northeast united states  .
lamont peterson holds off felix diaz to win majority decision .
borat is a professional journalist and announcer on kazakh television  .
obese people in wales denied life saving treatment .
at extreme rules  ,  sheamus successfully defended the world heavyweight championship against bryan in a two out of three falls match  .
this gave her stress .
d . c .  police arrest second suspect in shooting of 1-year-old boy .
he sees a seal .
humboldt s work on botanical geography was very important in the field of biogeography  .
judd apatow steps out from behind the camera and returns to stand-up comedy .
potato price to come down in a week ,  says minister .
for example ,  he brings mercedes-benz cars and gilded furniture .  king salman also does not arrive alone .
a strip of rainforest runs down the atlantic coast  .
police: alexandria woman may have been electrocuted by man .
amazon wants children to copy these two words when they ask the assistant questions .
confronting sex abuse in prince george’s county .
the gla governs a much wider area the gla is at city hall  ,  a new building on the south bank of the river thames  ,  next to tower bridge  .
a man from north korea travels to china .  north koreans catch him .
australia stocks fall ,  with energy shares weak .
trent williams champions awareness of type 2 diabetes ,  after losing grandfather .
blowfish has a good encryption rate in software and until 2008 no cryptanalytic attack model of it has been found  .
the dogs play for 90 minutes .
at 0 ° c  ,  the freezing point of water  ,  it is slightly less  ,  999 . 972 kg  .
this has let neuroscientists study all the aspects of the nervous system : how it is laid out  ,  how it works  ,  how it develops  ,  how and why things go wrong  ,  and how it can be changed  .
vienna woman acquitted of first-degree murder in husband’s killing .
it was founded in 1889 and its mission is to be a leader in animal care  ,  science  ,  education  ,  sustainability  ,  and visitor experience  .
the dominican city of jimaní is the head municipality of the independencia province  ,  on the southwestern part of the country  .
the beach and the fleet are part of the jurassic coast  ,  a unesco world heritage site  ,  and the location for a book  ,  on chesil beach by ian mcewan  .
eisenhower referred to the landings as the initial invasion  .
in 2007 a paper dismissed the phylum as paraphyletic  ,  with acoela and nemertodermatida as separate clades  .
the scientific name fringillidae comes from the latin word fringilla for the chaffinch ( fringilla coelebs )  ,  which is common in europe  .
in biology  ,  the study of heredity is called genetics  .
thomas weelkes was baptised in the little village church of elsted in sussex on 25 october  ,  1576  .
afterwords belge started to publish books written by political prisoners  .
francesco maria de  medici ( 12 november 1660 - 3 february 1711 ) was an italian political leader  ,  cardinal of the roman catholic church and duke of rovere and montefeltro  .
it is becoming more popular .  somebody can get really scared .  something can go wrong
real madrid midfielder khedira suffers serious knee injury .
in a demonstration  ,  halley and five companions dived to 60 feet in the river thames  ,  and remained there for over an hour and a half  .
he raised was responsible for the efficiency of the local militia units of the county  ,  and afterwards of the yeomanry  ,  and volunteers  .
he then moved to the rockefeller university ) until his retirement in 1971  .
others said the gorilla was protecting him .
this is a strange-looking stand  ,  as the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch  ,  but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch  .
he is currently the youngest person who got the award  .
x-rays are produced further out as the jet collides with surrounding gas  .
with trump’s backing ,  house approves ban on abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy .
it is a friendly game .  there are no losers or winners .
trump ,  gop senators introduce bill to slash legal immigration levels .
they are around 1000 years old .  the women were probably weavers .
a raja ( sanskrit राजा ( rājā )  ,  also spelled rajah ) is a monarch  ,  or princely ruler of the kshatriya varna  .
this year is a little different .
observations show that quasars were much more frequent when the universe was younger  .
a third body found in the rubble of wednesday’s massive police raid .
the congressman says that this shows the american dream
the publisher organizes literary  ,  musical and artistic events  ,  especially in upper austria and salzburg  ,  but also in vienna  .
paulucci wrote even that near the border with albania there were big communities of albanian speaking people : dulcigno ( ulcinj ) was half albanian  ,  one quarter venetian and one quarter slavic-speaking  .
gurdeep roy ( born december 1  ,  1957 )  ,  sometimes credited as roy deep  ,  gordeep roy  ,  or just deep roy  ,  is a kenyan-born english movie and voice actor  ,  stuntman and puppeteer  .
d . c .  police charge two men in october stabbing death .
it is on the central coast and includes bateau bay  ,  berkeley vale  ,  blue haven  ,  the entrance  ,  gorokan  ,  jilliby  ,  ourimbah  ,  toukley  ,  tuggerah  ,  tumbi umbi  ,  wamberal  ,  wyoming  .
as of 2008  ,  the international ice hockey federation ( iihf )  ,  the world governing body of ice hockey  ,  ranks them as the eighth best national team  .
there is a model of a car .  there is a fan next to it .
etihad rail invites bids .
mother of baby buried in the woods enters plea in her infant’s death .
he left nicopolis pompeii  ,  in lesser armenia to live in bondaroy ( france ) and stayed seven years  .
history was written about states or nations during the renaissance  .
kendal hairdressing salon cleared of smoke and fire .
britney spears’ pal tells all on singer’s rocky relationship with justin timberlake .
these genera are all closely related and share similar characteristics of dense  ,  slender green stems and very small leaves  ,  adaptations to dry growing conditions  .
in the 1990s ,  people see that the war must stop .  they start to talk .
he was born a prince of savoy in turin to victor amadeus ii of savoy and anne marie dorléans  .
the occupation also prevented the united states from using tristan da cunha as a base  ,  as they had during the war of 1812  .
fresno state looking at more changes on kickoff cover team .
hildburghausen was one of these districts  ,  with boundaries very similar to those of the former duchy  .
black bears remain on the loose in fairfax county .
progressive maryland endorses elrich for montgomery county executive .
it stretches 24 miles ( 39 km ) from figueroa street in downtown ( central ) los angeles to the pacific coast highway in pacific palisades at the pacific ocean  .
paid family leave proposal included in senate gop tax bill .
light moves at 300 , 000 kilometres per second .  when a lightning strikes ,  you see it .
somebody plays the keyboard to cats
in the 19th century  ,  there was intellectual and spiritual awakening in constantinople  .
frank tracy griswold iii ( born 18 september 1937 in bryn mawr  ,  pennsylvania ) was the 25th presiding bishop and primate of the episcopal church in the united states of america  .
those at the front were trapped  ,  and were crushed by the weight of the crowd behind them  .
water main break closes stretch of minnesota avenue .
this news is about an animal .  it lived 200 million years ago .
a policeman gets into an argument with a vendor .  the argument is about the price of a cup of tea .
a quarry now operates at the side of the hill  .
the system gradually drifted north and early on august 10  ,  the jtwc started monitoring the system as a tropical depression and designated it with 13w  .
and she responded : uberfic is a kind of alternative universe fan fiction in which characters or events are portrayed somewhat closely to original canon but usually in a different time period  ,  many times featuring the ancestors  ,  descendants or reincarnations of canon characters  .
the movie received mixed to positive reviews  ,  but it was a major commercial success  .
when the trams left the subway at the southern end they could turn right along the embankment to westminster bridge or left on a service from bloomsbury to the hop exchange  .
is getting ketchup out the bottle difficult ?  does the last bit of toothpaste stay in the tube ?  does jam stick to the side of the jar ?  there is now an answer to these problems .
a man hears him and comes to save him .  the man has a camera .
hints from heloise: condensed vs .  evaporated .
judge in freddie gray case: gag order needed to ensure fair trials for officers .
joe oliver to be named finance minister wednesday: .
alan gordon replaces jordan morris on u . s .  world cup qualifying roster .
hell at home !  jessica biel & justin timberlake falling apart over restaurant lawsuit .
one hundred dollars for a visit ,  the doctor says .
speed restrictions on metro’s blue and yellow lines expected to last a week .
several latin american stars of the movie s time appear  ,  including singers aurora miranda ( sister of carmen miranda ) and dora luz  ,  as well as dancer carmen molina  .
four roman roads are named in the laws of edward the confessor ; watling street  ,  ermine street  ,  the fosse way and hikenild ( or icknield ) street  .
church of england ,  prime minister ,  lash out after ‘easter’ dropped from national egg hunt .
fairfax city residents angry over closed meeting dealing with mayor’s resignation .
marc dann rebrands his cleveland law firm .
the city is in china .  people come to a festival .
130 acres are on fire .  planes drop fire-retardant on the fire .
the dog yoga event starts family week in japan
in 1899  ,  the anglo-egyptian condominium agreement for sudan set the border between the territories at the 22nd parallel  .
it has nine cantos and is exceptional in bengali literature both in terms of style and content  .
alex chernov ac qc ( born 12 may 1938 ) is the governor of victoria  .
man injured in skydiving accident .
their self titled album `` the daylights   ,  which was recorded in london and produced by critically acclaimed producer  ,  youth ( paul mccartney  ,  the futureheads ) was released september 14  ,  2010 on the band s own label  ,  87th floor records  .
it injures more than 800 people .
donald trump is in a real pickle when it comes to prosecuting hillary clinton .
the lakes connect the east-central interior of north america to the atlantic ocean  .
the company also owns a popular news app ,  called todays headlines .
a researcher said: we live in a 24/7 culture in which our to-do lists seem to be constantly growing and causing us to worry about unfinished tasks at bedtime .
charles robert darwin ( 12 february 1809 - 19 april 1882 ) was an english naturalist  .
he said people are using the web in dangerous ways .
in the form of a back beat  ,  syncopation is used in virtually all popular music  .
a sri lankan businessman now owns the sapphire .
the hillary clinton-bernie sanders debate over the auto bailout ,  explained .
edinburgh of the seven seas has a mild and humid oceanic climate  ,  with moderate temperatures throughout the year  .
some you can ride like a bicycle .
the liberty bell is an important and famous symbol of american independence ( freedom )  .
gilbert collected specimens of 432 birds  ,  including 36 species new to western australia  .
3 bodies found in missing woman’s car in loudoun county .
this happens even when the mother is doing the same number of hours in her job .
it was broken off .  people put the beard on the mask in 1941 .  they used glue .
richard highton argued that ensatina is a case of multiple species and not a continuum of one species  .
there are currently no subspecies recognized  .
some people spend too much time on their phones .  this may be a bad thing .
the protesters say that they will protest again .
the christian democrats made wulff candidate for state prime minister in 1994  .
hugh jackman to host tony awards .
when we were small: bens chili bowl .
karthikeyan started 2001 in the formula nippon f3000 championship  .
his interests brought him to discover the occitan poetry of the troubadours and the latin poetry of classical antiquity ( with a particular devotion to virgil )  .
the puppet teaches the baby .  the baby learns how to have its own babies when it grows up .
mackay was born in ocala  ,  florida  .
a man is driving behind the bus .
a telescope takes pictures of the sun .
endurance athlete nick thomas dies while swimming english channel .
the washington post recorded 80 . 7 million visitors ,  1 billion page views in may 2017 .
man ,  39 ,  stabs and kills father-in-law in charles county ,  police say .
then  ,  a ridge of high pressure turned blanca away from the coast  .
luckily ,  the very scary meeting ends quickly .  the shark swims away
serial predator larry nassar molested forty victims while fbi investigated him .
he played small roles in final destination 3  ,  whisper and deck the halls  .
fox news anchor chris wallace warns viewers: trump crossed the line in latest attack on media .
the monkeys with a lower social status were unhealthier .
chris brown charged with assault .
several of her relatives came to england soon after her marriage  .
it was the first sun-like star  ,  other than the sun  ,  found to have a planet orbiting it  ,  this discovery was first made public in 1995  .
ex-players in nfl concussion settlement may be victimized by predatory practices .
alternative energy such as solar energy  ,  heat pumps  ,  hot water heat recycling  ,  and sometimes geothermal power  ,  may also be used as available  ,  usually in combination with gas  ,  oil or electricity  .
they had one child  ,  ryder russell robinson ( born on january 4  ,  2004 )  .
following the defeat of the liberal party at the 1999 election  ,  kennett resigned as liberal leader  ,  and napthine was a surprise choice to take his place  .
previously  ,  she had served as the second lady of the united states from 1981 to 1989  .
for example  ,  there were five fingers on each ` hand  and four on each foot  .
the fictional character smokey bear is run by three groups : the united states forest service  ,  the national association of state foresters  ,  and the ad council  .
pharrell williams - pharrell to release digital book .
people watch the reindeer by gps .  the company wants to give the animals good care
the act was passed in the british and therefore unrepresentative irish parliament with substantial majorities achieved in part ( according to contemporary documents ) through bribery  ,  namely the awarding of peerages and honors to critics to get their votes  .
the domain was then registered on january 16 through domain registrar variomedia  ,  and the current holder tried to auction off the right to use the domain  .
the lister hospital and the royal chelsea hospital are immediately to the north west  .
alabama county refuses to lower flag after orlando shooting .
who no longer considers zika a global health emergency .
power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a place where it can be used for work  .
inhuman rampage is the third studio album by english power metal band dragonforce  .
wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman quickly so that she could directly respond to ongoing events ; she wanted to write a more thoughtful second volume  ,  but died before doing so  .
delgadillo s snow cap drive-in is a historic small restaurant and roadside attraction along a part of what used to be route 66 in seligman  ,  arizona usa  .
a professor said he is changing crops like rice ,  wheat ,  maize and soybean .
but the people of the city opened the gates when the army of king ladislaus iv of hungary arrived  .
it said it understood the global importance of the photo .
people also wear white clothing .
he served for two terms  ,  and lost to paul tsongas in the 1978 senate election  .
the high pressure in the center is due to the westerly winds on the northern side of the gyre and easterly winds on the southern side of the gyre  .
an organization called perverted-justice ( known as pj ) uses pj operatives posing as underage teens on the internet to identify potential child molesters and turn the information over to the police and the courts  .
throughout 2008  ,  mirza was plagued by a slew of wrist injuries  ,  requiring her to withdraw from several matches and the roland garros and us open grand slams  .
people come to visit .  some young golfers come .
salman khan turns 48 ,  throws a grand birthday bash .
this news is about a farmer .  he is from kansas ,  usa .
sarah palin ‘willing’ to run for office again .
people can give money using their credit card .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
they steal them
it is in the south of the country .  it is very cold now in the czech republic .
it makes her life difficult .
some people just like to watch the festival .
the most famous one is the main entrance and lobby of tokyo s old imperial hotel  .
on 16 march 2008 bourdais competed in his first formula one championship race  ,  the australian grand prix in melbourne  .
d . c .  united acquires veteran goalkeeper david ousted .
january death of man found in nw washington residence ruled a homicide .
winters are cold and snowy all over the state  ,  and are mostly more severe in the northern parts of maine  .
the un will take action against north korea .
north carolina gop candidate for attorney general: ‘keep our state straight’ .
he goes back to hospital ,  and he dies there
for his help henry i gave robert the french vexin  .
notice of the award was published in the london gazette on 19 march 2010  .
there are people from 15 different countries .  there are professionals and amateurs .
he or she will make sure no alien life comes to earth after astronauts come back .
bell is also credited with the invention of an improved metal detector in 1881 that made sounds when it was near metal  .
over 379 , 000 have escaped to bangladesh .
it wants the rules to change .
bill ayers grew up in glen ellyn  ,  illinois  .
this news is about rope skipping .  a chinese schoolboy sets two new world records with rope skipping .
she draws with her mouth .
this would put halaib within sudan  ,  and bir tawil within egypt  .
russia ,  france and china do very good in the championship .
transfection is the process of deliberately introducing dna or rna into cells  .
after trump pledged to keep carrier jobs in u . s .  ,  company says it won’t move nearly 1 , 000 to mexico .
melo trimble has another signature moment in maryland’s win over kansas state .
the term `` free rider  was first used in economic theory of public goods  ,  but similar concepts have been applied in to other contexts  ,  such as collective bargaining  ,  antitrust law  ,  psychology and political science  .
in 1651 william bradford wrote a list of the mayflower passengers which included `` edward fuller  ,  and his wife  ,  and samuell  ,  their son  .
the earliest known butterfly fossils date to the mid eocene epoch  ,  between 40-50 million years ago  .
fairfax county police seek suspect in fatal stabbing in va .  woods .
furbies sold 1 . 8 million units in 1998  ,  14 million units in 1999  ,  and altogether in its three years of original production  ,  furby sold over 40 million units  ,  and its speaking capabilities were translated into 24 languages  .
pippi longstocking ( swedish : pippi långstrump ) is a fictional character who originally appeared in a series of children s books by swedish author astrid lindgren  .
security cameras film the men .
leetonia man may be on the run again .
the facebook murder was inevitable .
oddly ,  ‘shakespeare in love’ is america’s top play .
there was a documentary award between 1948 and 1990  .
ezekiel elliott has met with the nfl over its disciplinary decision ,  jerry jones says .
two baby monkeys are born .  they are beautiful and they are very ,  very small .
alitalia risks being grounded by saturday -- .
the display is made only if the animal is very agitated  .
an earthquake strikes in china .  many houses fall down .
he also appears on `` voice of america  serbian service television program  ,  `` open studio  .
there are two streams run through the estate  .
the clearance process requires a satisfactory background investigation  .
its editors were joseph klausner  ,  benzion netanyahu  ,  yeshayahu leibowitz  ,  nathan rotenstreich  ,  yehoshua gutman  ,  and joshua prawer  .
later he went to new york where he teamed with another pianist  ,  pete johnson  .
a russian company makes the drones .
viacom completed its sale of harmonix in late 2010 to an investment-backed group to allow it to continue developing rock band and dance central on its own  .
run-down ramsey homes to be torn down ,  replaced by mixed-income housing .
`` fallout  commonly refers to the radioactive dust created when a nuclear weapon explodes  .
a year later  ,  her father remarried elizabeth charlotte of the palatinate  .
samajwadi party worker shot dead .
redskins fire coach shanahan after 3-13 season .
d . c .  woman sentenced to more than 4 years in prison for fatally stabbing mother .
the boy wakes after one hour .
ioke did not affect any permanently populated areas in the central pacific or western pacific basins as a hurricane or a typhoon  ,  but the storm passed over johnston atoll as a category 2 hurricane and wake island as a category 5 typhoon  .
dumbledore  ,  who was dying from a slow-spreading curse  ,  wanted to protect snape s position within the death eaters and spare draco malfoy from completing voldemort s task to murder him  .
as it begins to drop out with the interstellar medium  ,  it slows down before finally stopping altogether  .
for the song `` singin  in the rain \/ umbrella   ,  benigno and futterman compared the songs as a better mash-up than the previous episode s mash-up  .
the drones can fly 25 miles per hour (40 kilometres per hour) .
the native human population in their range is believed to have hunted them and used the shells for shelter in bad weather  .
he is now the second .  the winner’s time is 15 .
aaron sherritt ( 1855 - 26 june 1880 ) was a close friend of joe byrne and later ned kelly  .
nevertheless  ,  many important and loyal catholics retained high office in the kingdom during king james  reign  .
employment of domestic workers to be on agenda for talks: .
people like the nap lounges .  nap lounges may become good business
the fourth song on the album  ,  `` new slaves   ,  was nominated for the grammy award for best rap song  .
for this movie he also got an european film award for best director  .
for example  ,  early tests with yellow fever showed that the disease is not a contagious disease  .
it is probably toxic ,  too .  there is a lot of water .
this happens in australia .
in japan ,  a giant squid comes to a bay .
she comes to him .  she hits him very hard with a frying pan again .
there was a very informal improvisational audition process to narrow the total amount of 2 , 000 actors  .
swagger cashed in his money in the bank contract during the smackdown taping on march 30  ,  2010  ,  after the world heavyweight champion chris jericho had been speared by edge  .
teacher at d . c .  charter school arrested on child sex abuse charges .
he returned to derby with the knowledge and a group of italians  .
two years after her disappearance  ,  on december 4th 2010  ,   ,  maitre william bourdon  ,  said that the investigation continues  .
all these universes are a multiverse .
it is the mccarthy era and people say that he likes communism .
the editor today is rainer weissauer ( ruprecht-karls-university  ,  heidelberg )  .
after leaving muddy s band in 1966  ,  cotton toured with janis joplin  .
warriors did it before battles to show their strength .
psu plans to ask state for 5 . 1 percent funding increase .
he was born in new york city to william and marie fazzin  ,  who had emigrated to the united states from austria  .
they get new finnish names .  the new names mean ‘snow’ and ‘heavy snowfall’ .
estonian athletes took part of the olympic games until the country became a part of the soviet union in 1940  .
some things are 10 times more expensive there .  in may ,  there are 641 protests .
they have logical problems such as the grandfather paradox  .
the indigo bunting is closely related to the lazuli bunting  .
the netherlands antilles has been in the winter olympic games two times  .
constantine mitsotakis ,  conservative greek prime minister ,  dies at 98 .
a plane is a tool for shaping wood  .
harry first appears in harry potter and the philosopher s stone ( published in the united states as harry potter and the sorcerer s stone ) as the book s protagonist  ,  or main character  .
.
daniel clive wheldon ( 22 june 1978 - 16 october 2011 ) was an english auto racing driver  .
do my coding projects: top-notch quality assignment samples from the best experts
something washes up on the island .
after years in the tag team division  ,  jeff fought the undertaker in a ladder match for the championship  .
ohio to resume executions after three-year hiatus .
spreading falsehoods while decrying fake news .
after the december to dismember 2006 heyman was relieved from both his on and off air duties with world wrestling entertainment  .
he said: you have failed to contain russia .
murphy s work as a voice actor includes thurgood stubbs in the pjs  ,  donkey in the shrek series and the dragon mushu in disney s mulan  .
five things ‘the hunger games’ franchise brought to the world .
it became a hit - debuting on the oricon chart at # 18  ,  it peaked at # 12 and propelled younha into the limelight  .
as australia votes on same-sex marriage ,  church leaders fight back .
washington’s bite-sized stuffed bagels ,  ranked .
it is 30 miles ( 48 km ) long and 9 miles ( 14 km ) wide  .
advisories are also issued for tropical cyclones which have moved inland and are no longer the responsibility of the national hurricane center  .
it is about the fugu fish .
original balabushka cues may sell for tens of thousands of dollars at auction  .
consortium led by kkr & co plans to invest rs500-600 crore in apollo hospitals: report .
melvin laird ,  nixon defense secretary at the height of the vietnam war ,  dies at 94 .
some students spend their first two years of medical school in syracuse  ,  new york and then complete their training in binghamton  .
there were bomb blasts and shootings at churches in madalla ( near the capital  ,  abuja )  ,  jos  ,  gadaka and damaturu  .
donald trump’s shot at anderson cooper is all about working the refs .
the boat moves in a circle .  somebody sees the boat .
you sit down on sand .
these remains show us how people evolved .  we do not have bigger brains than them .
sinope has an estimated diameter of 38 km ( assuming an albedo of 0 . 04 ) the moon is red unlike pasiphae which is gray  .
`` the most recent linguistic approach to literature is that of cognitive metaphor  ,  which claims that metaphor is not a mode of language  ,  but a mode of thought   .
‘heil’ vs .  ‘hail’: new york times corrects report on alt-right conference .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
some towns and suburbs have two postcodes-one for street deliveries and one for ( post office box ) es  .
britain’s awful vote may be a tipping point .
zellweger was born in katy  ,  texas  .
md .  district 8 candidate david trone will release first tv ad friday .
brokerages bet big on bjp; .
it holds water from a mine .  the dam breaks .
bill mazer ( november 2  ,  1920 - october 23  ,  2013 ) was a retired sportscaster  .
now ,  central italy has an earthquake again .
pearson entered politics in 1948  ,  as minister of external affairs in the liberal government of louis st .  laurent  .
in the 18th century  ,  leonhard euler proved that all even perfect numbers have this form  .
john maynard keynes was born at 7 melville road  ,  cambridge  ,  england  .
the queen later gave money to her queensland premier s flood relief appeal  ,  as did her son  ,  prince charles  .
the colonial marine cyanobacterium trichodesmium may fix nitrogen on such a scale that it accounts for almost half of the nitrogen-fixation in marine systems on a global scale  .
bethenny frankel’s ex jason hoppy will get plea bargain in stalking case .
it connected talbot square and central station along church street  ,  devonshire square  ,  whitegate drive  ,  waterloo road and central drive  .
as the hurricane came closer new orleans  ,  the weather forecast office in slidell  ,  louisiana gave out two strongly-worded warnings of the storm s danger  .
ignatius based his authority on living his life in imitation of christ  .
a fragment of a greek pot showing hephaestus found at the volcanal has been dated to the 6th century bc  ,  suggesting they were already associated  .
why the ted cruz-john kasich alliance seems destined to fail .
krishnamurti jiddu ( 11 may 1895 - 17 february 1986 ) was an indian-born guru  ,  speaker and writer on philosophical and spiritual subjects  .
the purple line is a con job .
two-alarm fire breaks out at u street apartment building .
brierley hill engineer invited to parliament in prestigious competition .
second libyan militant charged in 2012 benghazi attacks pleads not guilty .
you play it with a normal football .  you must kick it towards a big hole .
mansfield married public relations professional paul mansfield in 1950  .
berg is famous for his pioneering work involving recombinant dna  ,  the process of inserting dna from another species into a molecule  ,  leading to the development of modern genetic engineering  .
the company also owns a popular news app ,  called todays headlines .
gary bettenhausen dies at 72 .
tip was called the most severe storm to strike japan in 13 years  .
jessie j became better known after the release of her debut single `` do it like a dude  which peaked at number two in the uk  .
the second season starts with rick and his group leaving the cdc  .
limestone has eroded to form karstic landscapes of waterfalls  ,  underground rivers  ,  and the largest caves of asia  .
the males lack external testicles  ,  which are instead placed between the bladder and the rectum  .
panesar fined for urinating on bouncers .
the island of padar and part of rinca were made nature reserves in 1938  .
margaret sullivan joins the post as media columnist .
gboard app could make your texting life easier .
london may be set to elect first muslim mayor .
marcella `` marcy  levy ( born june 21  ,  1952 in detroit  ,  michigan ) is an american musician and singer ( soprano )  .
this thanksgiving ,  i’m grateful hillary clinton is not president .
the challenge of being paul ryan .
for the next two days the men on monte basilio had to hide from axis artillery fire  .
some assume béarnaise refers to the béarn region  ,  a former province now in the département of pyrénées-atlantiques  ,  in southwestern franceto refer to the region of béarn however  ,  the sauce has no tradition in the cooking of the area  ,  and larousse has the name honoring henri iv of france  ,  a native of béarn  ,  and for whom the restaurant where the sauce was first shown was named  .
wynonna teamed up with brent maher and don potter - the duo behind the many successes that wynonna had as one half of the mother-daughter duo the judds with mom naomi  .
knox and sollecito were also put on trial  .
a man is walking his dog .  he is near paris .
the sculptor uses seventy kilograms of chocolate .
zoo to hunt down coyotes that killed endangered gazelle at front royal site .
taxa below the rank of species get a three part name  .
adolf hitler was a heavy smoker in his early life  ,  smoking 25 to 40 cigarettes daily  .
they also want women and animals to be safe .  police attack these people .
the slogan was created by first lady of the united states nancy reagan during her husband s presidency  .
in shanghai ,  a lot of people eat breakfast in bed .
mantids are masters of camouflage and most species make use of protective colouration to blend in with the foliage or substrate  .
according to a letter sent to his church  ,  he and his doctors thought that the cancer was not a big problem  .
at least two people die .  police look for the attacker .
`` parkdale   ,  haines and shaw finished the cd in april and by this time had found a new label - restless records  ,  the l . a .  indie record company that supported they might be giants  ,  agent orange  ,  and the dead milkmen  .
diane ravitch: why all parents should opt their kids out of high-stakes standardized tests .
this news is about a robot .
‘can you name one white nationalist article at breitbart ? ’ challenge accepted !  .
it costs them 12 billion dollars .  nine workers die
players can collect stars from opponents that were not killed by the player  .
lothair king of west francia stepped in to prevent any more war between the two  .
manhattan was the center of a series of large battles in the early american revolutionary war  .
long-lived lemur dies at national zoo .
the name `` hizen  dates from the nara period  ,  when the province was divided from higo province  .
her friends were ill .  they had cancer .
the original home of the order was the palace of st michael and st george in corfu this was the home of the lord high commissioner of the ionian islands  .
european central bank opinion on measures to strengthen bank stability .
a woman sees this .  she gets behind the old lady .
at the show you can see roosters from japan ,  england ,  america ,  poland and china .
gwyneth paltrow hosts charity dinner .
the disappearance of pregnant md .  teacher deemed suspicious ,  police say .
adults fish are omnivorous and feed on plankton and algae  .
during morphogenesis  ,  generalised stem cells become the cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells  .
stock markets in asia fell because people are worried .
servicepower wins contract extensions .
in 1921 she wrote the windy hill  ,  and in 1922 that book was made a newbery medal honor book  .
a copy of the globe showing america was made by martin waldseemueller in 1507  .
in 1953 and 54 he served as a fusilier marin in the first indochina war  .
the jura mountains provide ample opportunities for hiking  ,  skiing  ,  mountain biking and other winter sports  .
the narrow gauge tracks form the remaining 445 km  .
miss manners: avoid surprising roommates with guests .
along with ferrari  ,  mclaren  ,  and renault ( formerly benetton )  ,  williams is one of the `` big four  teams that have won every constructors  championship since 1979 and every driver s championship since 1984  .
the year 2016 is the year of the monkey .  the year 2017 is the year of the rooster .
french president hollande visits poland .
daniel grian ` danny  alexander ( born 15 may 1972 ) is a british politician who is the chief secretary to the treasury in the conservative-liberal democrat coalition government  .
nationals sign aaron laffey to a minor league deal .
don blocker ( december 10  ,  1928 - may 13  ,  1972 ) was an american actor  .
a company selling shares is never required to repay the money to the people who buy them  .
he was chosen as the democratic nominee of the 2000 united states presidential election  ,  but lost the electoral vote to republican candidate george w .  bush because of florida and the us supreme court ruling a 5-4 favor of bush  .
in the meantime  ,  however  ,  vitellia has heard the news about titus s interest in servilia and is again very jealous  .
the war began in april 1927 with the `` northern expedition  ( 北伐 ) and mostly ended in 1950 ( the end of the `` third internal revolutionary war  第三次国内革命战争 )  .
according to the imperial household agency  ,  this emperor is venerated at a memorial shinto shrine ( misasagi ) in nara .   ,
the only way you can show that your edit does not come under this category is to produce a reliable published source that contains that same material  .
in 2006  ,  it was revealed that hatch did not declare his winnings  ,  among other earnings  ,  in his tax return and was sentenced to 51 months in prison  .
during an interview  ,  pokémon company president tsunekazu ishihara said that they knew charizard would be popular with north americans  ,  because they like strong  ,  powerful characters  .
this year ,  around 50 , 000 people come to the ceremony .
the board `` reluctantly and uncomfortably  decided to continue paying players who had already been guaranteed payments  .
otis and the rest make it back to the barnyard  ,  finding that daisy went into labor  .
this type of candy is often called `` milk caramel  or `` cream caramel   .
the local government act 1972 ( 1972 c .  70 ) is an act of parliament in the united kingdom  ,  that reformed local government in england and wales  ,  on 1 april 1974  .
in general  ,  drug trafficking is low  .
however some old grand duchies still retain the titles granted to them usually in the congress of vienna  .
umar gul ready to return .
howard football’s ride ends with loss at kent state ,  but for a few moments there … .
a professor said the sun was ,  a pretty cool thing .
the closure of an abortion clinic is not a feel-good story .
lincoln and his mother  ,  tess ( leslie hope )  ,  begin a search for his father  .
it begins with people migrating to these areas from asia and possibly oceania during the height of an ice age  .
this news is about elephants .  around 28 , 000 elephants die every year .
piracy back on the rise off somalia ,  u . s .  military says .
huntingdon college  ,  founded in 1854  ,  is a liberal arts college in montgomery  ,  alabama  ,  united states  .
jse finishes flat on tuesday .
in many of these plays  ,  the chorus told the audience what the main characters could not say  ,  such as their hidden fears or secrets  .
he went to hudson river military academy and trinity college at hartford  ,  connecticut  .
jumeirah emirates towers hotel is a skyscraper in dubai  ,  united arab emirates  .
holism is the idea that natural systems ( physical  ,  biological  ,  chemical  ,  social  ,  economic  ,  mental  ,  linguistic  ,  etc .  ) and their properties  ,  should be viewed as wholes  ,  not as collections of parts  .
in a traditional ancient greek show of approval  ,  his supporters threw so many hats and pieces of clothing onto his head that he suffocated  .
he is in many temples  ,  restaurants  ,  and businesses  .
christina crawford ( born october 17  ,  1988 ) is an american dancer and professional wrestler  .
he is there for six days .  he meets with barack obama .
the ministry s headquarters are still in bonn and the second office is in berlin  .
without the cat ,  the person will pay $140 , 000 less for the house .
exports include wildflowers  ,  agricultural produce  ,  stamps and coins  .
hormone may predict womens gestational diabetes risk .
when they were dressed  ,  the family and the few servants were led to a small room in the house s basement  .
in 2001  ,  he is appointed head of training at the école pratique des hautes études before entering in 2006 as teacher at the université de versailles saint-quentin-en-yvelines  .
the policeman sees a man .  the man stands on the edge of the bridge .
it was invented around 1764 by james hargreaves in stanhill  ,  near blackburn  ,  lancashire in the northwest of england the device dramatically reduced the amount of work needed to produce yarn  ,  with a single worker able to work eight or more spools at once  .
two montgomery cyclists are killed in calvert county when the bike is struck .
however  ,  it worked out for both parties involved  ,  as the show did better in the ratings than it had on thursdays  ,  while upn got much better ratings on fridays than it did before  ,  with its movie night  .
former washingtonian editor garrett graff considering run for vt .  lieutenant governor .
many military installations are known as forts  ,  although they are not always fortified  .
the mother said: we are quick to judge how a parent could take their eyes off their child .
he takes hostages .
all southbound lanes of i-95 reopened in stafford ,  va .  ,  after fatal crash .
a tropical wave is usually preceded by an area of sinking  ,  intensely dry air  ,  sloping as a northeast wind  .
on 13 march 1938  ,  seyß-inquart joined the national socialist party  .
he proposed funding a $ 1 billion capital improvement program for public schools  ,  which the council subsequently passed in an altered form  .
he was succeeded by his son thutmose ii  ,  and then his daughter  ,  hatshepsut  .
moffo died in new york city of a stroke after a decade long battle with breast cancer at the age of 73  .
this makes it possible for the customer to buy an essay that fits their budget .
suu kyi won the rafto prize and the sakharov prize in 1990  ,  and the nobel peace prize in 1991  .
commander alan shepard famously hit two golf balls on the lunar surface with a make-shift club he had brought from earth  .
an elevator or lift is a vertical transport vehicle that efficiently moves people or goods between floors of a building  .
is a prefecture of japan on the island of kyushu  .
she married her first husband  ,  carleton hadley  ,  in 1931  .
legal highs industry launches code of conduct .
she is 58 years old .  school children make rita a birthday cake .
a new law says no one can cross a street while looking at mobile devices .
it lasted until the canadian corps captured passchendaele on 6 november 1917  .
in 1969 his party formed a new coalition with the social democrats  .
however ,  some americans are happy .  they are mostly miners .
his season also included two pole positions  ,  three fastest laps and two lap records  .
in 1994 ,  a couple loses their child .  their daughter is just three years old .
during her time at the convent  ,  she became a very spiritual person  .
ross bounce back with convincing win .
its head is injured .  the man takes the giraffes to a vet .
this way is better .  both gorillas are fine
however ,  after an hour it loses contact with the ground .  the helicopter crashes into a mountain .
his heart is closed to girls .  however ,  he sees one girl .
he has appeared on a variety of national media platforms  ,  including heritage radio network s burning down the house  ,  cnn s open house  ,  npr s studio 360 and weekend marketplace  .
please help us by rating the application .  you can rate it on the google play store or the appstore .
the english word `` chopstick  seems to come from chinese pidgin english  ,  a pidgin where `` chop chop  meant quickly  .
one of them kills a guard .
argentina’s peso tumbles after government lifts dollar limits .
gabrielle shellise varner ( born february 12  ,  1989 )  ,  simply known as elle varner is an american singer-songwriter  .
russian on trial for ‘insulting the feelings of believers’ by denying the existence of god .
spacex’s dragon capsule arrives at the space station .
puerto rico to slash energy reserves amid cash shortfall .
this upsets some syrian americans .
the province was merged into the province of west pakistan in 1955 under the one unit policy  .
d . c .  fire department captain is arrested on drug and weapons charges .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
cyber researchers confirm russian government hack of democratic national committee .
jane bambauer guest-blogging about information law ,  scientific claims and scientific research .
ferocious winds push into area; 66 mph gust reported .
in addition  ,  there are many museums that are smithsonian affiliates  .
the storm left part of north carolina highway 12 on hatteras island closed for three hours because of flooding  .
the water flow in cooper creek comes from monsoonal rains falling months earlier and many hundreds of kilometres away in eastern queensland  .
swaziland is a country in the south of africa .
ex-officer arrested near white house with weapons cache in car ,  authorities say .
richard schickel also enjoyed murphy s role  ,  stating  ,  `` no one has ever made a funnier jackass of himself than murphy  .
the scientists also study the sun’s energy .
clark agrees to surrender to the u . s .  military  ,  who hand lois and clark over to zod s second-in-command  ,  faora  .
a woman comes up to him .  she asks him for cigarettes .
webbed toes is the common name for syndactyly  .
9 things congress could ask trump officials to answer your questions on trump and russia .
the team wants to make a robotic hand that picks all of the goods in the online supermarket .
the allied naval forces were put into two groups to transport the invading armies  .
adams s mother s grandfather  ,  michael hannaway  ,  was a member of the fenians during their dynamiting campaign in england in the 1860s and 1870s  .
zookeepers shot him after a four-year-old boy fell into his cage .
he became famous quickly  ,  and by the age of 23  ,  he was already being compared to french actors like gérard philipe and jean marais  .
all of instagram responds to janice dickinson’s shade toward the kardashians with a resounding ‘who ? ’ .
on board  ,  she met henri rochefort  ,  a famous polemist  ,  who became her friend until her death  .
the hottest ,  driest place in north america is getting a rare burst of color .
in japan  ,  its highest-grossing market after north america  ,  it grossed $ 102 . 4 million becoming the highest-grossing western animated film until it was out-grossed by toy story 3 ( $ 126 . 7 million )  .
he thinks that it is great that iceland is at fifa .
such dual-language recording is common to many treaties  .
the bad girls club : new orleans is the seventh season of the reality television series the bad girls club  .
india’s capital launches emergency plan to curb dire pollution .
jose berrios looked ruined in 2016 .  now ,  he looks like the twins’ future ace .  .
northwest fire responds to motorcycle accidents .
chrissy teigen pens an essay revealing battle with postpartum depression .
his wife says that he told her that he will not go on a boat again soon .  she thinks that he will go on a boat soon
this year ,  40 , 000 dancers and musicians come to the festival .  they dance and make music with a lot of love and energy .
stanley dural jr .  ,  who popularized zydeco music as buckwheat zydeco ,  dies at 68 .
the royal college of organists or rco  ,  is an organization based in the united kingdom  ,  but with members around the world  .
in november\/december 2007 shirov played in the chess world cup  .
dudley kept these ideas in mind and they affected everything he did for the rest of his life  .
man reportedly shot with an arrow in virginia beach .
baines was known to have been living in hartford  ,  connecticut before moving to ohio  ,  where she worked as a maid at the ohio state university  .
there is up to $32 trillion in untaxed money .
they will make us safer .
the professor will test water from the lake .
some of the writers for grown-ups whose books he printed were christopher smart  ,  oliver goldsmith  ,  and samuel johnson  .
a bas relief sculpture of john lombe may be found at the nearby exeter bridge  .
they can be digested by hydrolysis  ,  catalyzed by enzymes called amylases  .
forget trump and clinton .  ‘black jeopardy’ is snl’s best political sketch this year .  .
richie incognito admitted to psych hospital in arizona: report .
trujillo had made his actions for the haitian community clear in a short speech given at a dance held in his honor on october 2  ,  1937 in dajabón  ,  stating :
the guadalcanal campaign ended all japanese expansion attempts and placed the allies in a position of power  .
people dance ,  sing and throw vermilion powder .  they get covered in the powder .
the capital is the city of nakhchivan  .
amateur video shows the bus on fire .
the name comes from a major town in the province  ,  baghlan  .
what it would take for republicans to move on daca .
she began to study psychology but ended her studies before the end because she `` could not find what she was looking for ″  .
commissioner davis says baltimore has ‘stabilized’ after deadliest year .
babri mosque was the center of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished  .
in 2010  ,  go-op wanted to run trains from birmingham moor street  ,  around oxford and swindon  ,  to yeovil  ,  which would call at chippenham  .
the first single  ,  `` hey baby   ,  won the grammy award for best pop performance by a duo or group with vocal  .
thousands of people saw them .
yasin bhatkal wanted to fight nato forces in afghanistan after 9/11 .
star wars invades library .
hopper has two brothers and a cousin  .
reamy died in 1977 and cadigan went to work as a writer for kansas city s hallmark cards  .
unlike short-lived neutrophils  ,  macrophages survive longer in the body  ,  up to several months  .
animal rights groups are angry .
her best time is 5 .
in harrisonburg  ,  i-81 cuts through the james madison university campus  .
the name `` blazar  was originally coined in 1978 by astronomer edward spiegel  .
this is a list only of books both written and illustrated by blake  .
he studied people who trained for 40 days using mnemonics .
by 1680 he was known as the `` king s carver   ,  and carried out exquisite work for st paul s cathedral and windsor castle  .
head of kenya’s track team exits rio amid doping allegations .
the dog is under the house for one day .  this is because a big earthquake hits italy on sunday .
in 2006  ,  lucy lawless donated her personal xena costume to the museum of american history  .
the eu helps the farmers .  the eu gives them 500 million euros
there are several club football teams in ghana  ,  which play in the ghana premier league and division one league  .
diatom communities are a popular tool for monitoring environmental conditions  ,  past and present  .
charles everett koop ( october 14  ,  1916 - february 25  ,  2013 ) was an american physician who became well known as a pediatric surgeon at the children s hospital of philadelphia  .
colin kaepernick’s lawyers seek to depose nfl owners in collusion grievance case .
it was approved at the start of 2003  ,  with the central core arriving in manchester on the 13 june 2004  .
it is used to assemble recombinant dna molecules  ,  and to direct their replication within host organisms  .
he accepted the title citoyen égalité given to him by the commune  .
there are still diplomatic contacts between the two countries and the secretary general s representative  .
ayman fanous ,  william parker and tatsuya nakatani visit a beleagured jazz scene .
york city temporarily closes parks .
they must amputate it .  this is the second escalator incident in china .
there is a special show at a zoo in the philippines .
clinton aide cheryl mills leaves fbi interview briefly after being asked about emails .
election day in virginia was a carnival of cakewalks .
roundabout wins favor with some .
tooh ,  party all night - the falling standards of bollywood lyrics .
the geneva motor show is open to people .
they only watch the salamander .  it returns back to the river .  the salamander is not measured .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
his full name or last name alone is often used to refer to a cue stick made by him  .
the action of the outer foundations as anchors for the cantilever can be seen in the placement of the counterweights  .
he studied at boston college law school and the private hudson catholic high school  .
man ,  67 ,  dies after being hit by metro bus in october crash .
the monarchy was the most powerful during the 17th century and the reign of louis xiv of france  .
the cnn-telemundo republican debate transcript ,  annotated .
an odd number suggests that there is a charged c atom or of a heteroatom lone pair replacing a carbon-carbon double bond  .
after his divorce from geva  ,  balanchine was with alexandra danilova from 1926 through 1933  .
the nationalists show respect to general hristo lukov .  he was a pro-nazi general
fast company: the washington post is a software company now .
utah jazz waive forward mike harris .
in 1980 authors michael medved and harry medved called plan 9 from outer space the `` worst movie ever made   .
planes take off at a 10 to 15 degree angle .
james perry ,  political reporter who chronicled array of arrogance ,  dies at 89 .
the driver starts to brake .  the car does not change its course .
jimmy varner has done collaborations with gerald alston  ,  kool & the gang  ,  and will downing  .
when norton internet security 2008 is installed  ,  users encountered incompatibilities upgrading to windows xp service pack 3 or windows vista service pack 1  .
at 11 a .
much of this makes its way back into the river after it is cleaned in wastewater treatment plants  .
meagher county ( pronounced marr ) is a county in the u . s .  state of montana  .
important military sf authors include john ringo  ,  david drake  ,  david weber  ,  and s .  m .  stirling  .
the rescue team must move him on their boat .
changes in the numbers of honeyeaters are common  ,  but the small number of definitely migratory honeyeater species aside  ,  the reasons are yet to be discovered  .
its few surviving aircraft were all recovered aboard hiryū where they were prepared for an attack against what was believed to be the only remaining american carrier  .
when bates arrived home in 1859  ,  he had sent back over 14 , 000 species ( mostly of insects ) of which 8 , 000 were new to science  .
orbiting the galaxy is a huge number of about 12 , 000 globular clusters  ,  compared to 150-200 globular clusters orbiting the milky way  .
however  ,  a stone was added in the 19th century to mark a grave traditionally thought to be calvin s  .
japan minister visits controversial war shrine .
these show the importance of mahogany in the 18th and 19th century belizean economy  .
people want to bring them down .
lord & taylor to settle online-ads case with ftc .
in 1828 he was given command of the 26-gun frigate hms challenger  ,  and sent to claim the west coast of australia for the united kingdom  .
goes-r will give real-time photos .
the on-site science education center ( which serves students and the general public ) was named in his honor  .
yes ,  there is a right to discriminate .
while she was sipping a cup of tea  ,  she dropped a cocoon into the steaming water  .
activision scaled back its 2010 guitar hero release schedule to just two full games  ,  reducing the number of skus from 25 in 2009 to 10 in 2010  .
in may 1991  ,  after failing to develop a cd-rom-based add-on for the super nintendo entertainment system with sony  ,  nintendo signed a deal with philips to develop the add-on  .
15 soldiers have injuries .
the 1924 summer olympics  ,  officially known as the games of the viii olympiad  ,  were held at paris in france  .
when it rains ,  there is no dust on the glass or the buildings .
patrick john hillery  ,  known as paddy hillery  ,  was born in spanish point  ,  miltown malbay  ,  county clare in 1923  .
ian bohen was offered the part  ,  but opted not to spend an entire year in new zealand where the series would shoot principal photography  .
carolingian minuscule was the direct and linear ancestor of blackletter  .
house republicans back off gutting ethics watchdog after backlash from trump .
the president said: it will be the most important election of our lives .
online retail sales grew by 10 . 7% in july: .
behak maken was supposedly founded when one raja singh  ,  maken rajput  ,  first came to the sargodha district ( old shahpur ) sometime during the 12th or 13th century ad  .
king s is a member of the european university association and the russell group  .
about 80 % of people ( or 8 out of every 10 ) who are infected with the dengue virus have no symptoms  ,  or have only mild symptoms ( like a basic fever )  .
these test methods define the required equipment  ,  key test parameters  ,  the procedure to follow  ,  and the precision of the test method  .
district man pleads guilty to new year’s crash that injured 13 in downtown d . c .  .
animals at one zoo are hot .  the zookeepers freeze their food .
mitterrand defeated the savary-mollet duo by proposing an electoral program with the communists  .
russian delegation in syria’s ancient palmyra marks liberation from islamic state .
police say that the man attacks them with scissors .  they say that it is self-defence .
telstra has sponsored the event since 1992  ,  so it is often known as the telstra award  .
with a total carapace length of at least 11 feet ( 3 . 3 m ) it was the largest turtle that ever existed  ,  surpassing even archelon  .
he laughed ,  he took the rope ,  and he let the bucket go down the well .
it was founded by music journalist sascha bahn and alexander c . h .  lorenz ( publisher of `` mumm  compilation )  .
dear science: why do we love our pets ?  .
two d . c .  men hit by vehicle ,  killed in dewey beach ,  del .  .
he graduated from cornell university law school in 1939  .
he must not drive for 9 years
riders on metro should expect delays on three rail lines .
how to contest a tax assessment on your home .
the track is 5 . 419 kilometres ( 3 . 367 mi ) long and incorporates a total of 25 turns  .
ukrainian pundit says paul manafort did not ‘ghostwrite’ his pro-manafort opinion piece .
people are building a skyscraper .
now ,  many people know about the hairdresser .  he is happy .
if you are using an ad blocker ,  could you please switch it off for news in levels ?  it is easy to do .
his parents called him `` j . r .  cash  because they could nt think of a name  .
the semiarid steppe landscape was drained by streams after rain  ,  and was affected by dust and sandstorms  .
clemson’s defensive line can contain alabama’s derrick henry .
‘we all could have done better’: the white house’s confusing contrition about the rob porter fiasco .
the british and world marbles championship have been held at tinsley green every year since 1932  .
this video shows isis destroying an advanced u . s . -built tank outside mosul .
this will be the biggest question when the fed starts raising rates .
the jellyfish is an old type of animal .  it is between 500 and 700 million years old
the academic year starts the 16th of september 1968  .
life on the goldfields was hard  ,  water was scarce  ,  fresh fruit and vegetables were not available  ,  and basics like flour were very expensive  .
the pantheon is the best preserved of all roman buildings  .
he comes to her .  he tells her that he likes her .
it might also get closer to russia .
mateo alemán y de enero ( seville  ,  spain  ,  1547 - 1615  ?
charity watchdog removes clinton foundation from its watch list .
late to big ten tournament ,  maryland women’s defense is on time vs .  iowa .
he has broken 433 broken bones during his career earned him a title in the guinness book of records as the survivor of `` most bones broken in a lifetime   .
bank of america posts $4 . 1 billion profit in third quarter .
arms trafficking has become a significant problem in russia following the disintegration of the soviet union  .
there is a volcano in chile .
unger was born in rio de janeiro on march 24  ,  1947  .
the navy builds strength by saving energy .
the most rapid genetic reorganization occurs in extremely small populations that have been isolated  .
on june 5  ,  2012  ,  a package which contained a right foot was delivered to st .  george s school and another package which contained a right hand to false creek elementary school in vancouver  .
the band would go on to play the 1992 lollapalooza tour with the red hot chili peppers  ,  pearl jam  ,  and ministry  ,  among others  .
in 1814  ,  he became rector of trowbridge in wiltshire  ,  where he stayed  .
27 americans were shot and killed on christmas day .
antwerp is largest city of the province and its capital ; the port of antwerp is part of the city  .
this is a lot more than 100 years ago .
her mother is in a big shock when she sees her daughter for the first time .
the closeness of allied forces had caused the majority of the city s government officials to leave before the citizens were moved out  .
dst systems will open a second office in india .
the bears in captivity often live in terrible conditions .
shanti does a good thing .
in `` the wedding of river song  ,   amy leads a secret organization  .
as ike crossed cuba on september 8 it weakened to a category 1 hurricane and emerged into the caribbean sea  ,  where it moved along or just off of the southern coast of cuba  .
he won the bronze medal two times at the canadian national championships  .
on his return to paris he contributed to the revue des deux mondes  ,  the tour du monde and other papers  ,  with a large number of articles about geography  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
it originally began in 2004  ,  as a series of shorts that aired on nickelodeon  .
he helped crops to fight disease .
the program is for students at level 1 and level 2 .
reservations on issuing sovereign bonds: .
in 1714  ,  louis xiv allowed prince louis armand of bourbon-conti to use the land of the principality to make money  .
and - so - but for some mysterious reason  ,  the curse did nt work on harry  .
the americans try to contact the planes .  but the pilots say nothing .
in may 2005  ,  stephen snoddy was appointed as director  .
the man attacks the nurses there .  he tries to hit them with a metal bar .  he injures four medical workers .
the university does not like this .
front man hibbert s soulful style led him to be compared to otis redding  .
homeless man arrested in january fatal shooting of friend .
why a racially insensitive photo of southern baptist seminary professors matters .
in 1961  ,  the postmaster general ( pmg ) introduced the triple zero ( 000 ) number in most of the major australian cities and by the end of the 1980s it had become nation-wide  .
when they arrive at the party josh steps by mistake into dad s special fig pudding  .
‘i’m a rock star now’: frederica wilson helped trump by making a trump-like comment .
he was unsympathetic to the official theories on art in moscow and returned to germany in 1921  .
the ppsh-41 ( pistolet-pulemyot shpagina ; russian : пистолет-пулемёт шпагина ; `` shpagin machine pistol  ) is a soviet submachine gun  .
the rescuers down under was released in the walt disney classics video series on september 20  ,  1991 with a home video trailer for the jungle book  ,  while the rescuers was released on vhs a year later in september 1992  .
his album the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars was released in 1972  .
the buildings that provide access to the airplanes through gates are usually called concourses  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
she is a famous hollywood woman and she wears a famous dress .
man critically wounded in se washington shooting .
they fall in love .
people want to live in the city and not in the countryside .
jackie gleason ( john herbert gleason ; february 26  ,  1916 - june 24  ,  1987 ) was an american comedian  ,  actor  ,  and musician  .
in 1838  ,  poisson published his ideas on probability theory  ,  which also included what is now known as poisson distribution  .
tibetan fashion label holds fashion show in lhasa .
zimbabwe was called rhodesia .
the libraries  collections cover all periods of art  ,  but is most known for its large collection of 18th-20th century architecture  .
to christian s query about relief from his burden  ,  goodwill directs him forward to the ` place of deliverance   .
barrett also said that michael mcgillicutty and husky harris had become official member of nexus  .
queen elizabeth ii often meets with presidents and prime ministers .
we expect help within 78 seconds online .
a new travel ban with ‘mostly minor technical differences’ ?  that probably won’t cut it ,  analysts say .  .
he wrote a consort piece called semper dowland  ,  semper dolens ( always dowland  ,  always unhappy )  .
it was released in january 2008 for playstation 3 and xbox 360 and on february 5  ,  2009 on microsoft windows  .
loudoun county powers past jamestown to win its fifth straight volleyball state championship .
sierra club endorses van hollen in maryland’s senate race .
his brain was swollen .
naismith is buried in memorial park cemetery in lawrence  ,  ks  .
hernando de soto was born to parents who were hidalgos in extremadura  ,  a region of poverty and hardship from which many young people looked for ways to seek their fortune elsewhere  .
the western grey kangaroo is also called the black-faced kangaroo  ,  mallee kangaroo  ,  sooty kangaroo and carno kangaroo  .
passenger falls out of plane .
george had two sisters - one older  ,  one younger - and a younger brother called trafford-leigh mallory  ,  the world war ii royal air force commander  .
mr pardo said professional gamers have lightning quick skills .
he was never a serious candidate for promotion to the ministry  .
his interest in astronomy grew stronger after 1773 and he made the acquaintance of the english astronomer royal nevil maskelyne  .
most of the artwork dates to the earlier aurignacian era ( 30 , 000 to 32 , 000 years ago )  .
laura became reduced into a post-tropical cyclone later that morning  ,  and the national hurricane center gave out its last advisory on the storm  .
you can use english when you start discussions with other students
the washington post announces expanded international coverage .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
d . c .  police investigating anti-semitic graffiti as a hate crime .
capitol christmas tree stops in flagstaff friday .
2 arlington physical education teachers charged with marijuana possession .
a candidate for the president in france surprises his supporters .
users who disrupt wikipedia may be blocked  .
‘we can change the meaning’: trademarks filed for n-word after supreme court decision .
hammerfall s latest album  ,  no sacrifice  ,  no victory  ,  was released february 23  ,  2009  .
onegin returns to give tatyana an answer to her letter  .
scouts and raiders also helped during landings in sicily  ,  salerno  ,  anzio  ,  normandy  ,  and southern france  .
six envoys present letters of credence .
in contrast  ,  the precision of a measurement system is the degree to which repeated measurements under unchanged conditions show the same results  .
thalaivar rajinikanth turns 63  !  .
the hgnc approach to naming genes and assigning symbols ( gene name abbreviations ) is : the full description of hgnc s nomenclature guidelines can be found on their web site  .
the famous adelong falls  ,  with its rich gold-mining past  ,  is an ideal spot to for a picnic or to explore the local area  .
the engine was not ready for the start of the 1985  ,  so the team converted their chassis  ,  the m185  .
sloane street launches website .
which method of chilling wine really gets the job done in 20 minutes ?  .
the nobel prize in chemistry went to three scientists .
bangkok is the capital of thailand .  there is a theme park in bangkok .  a cabin on the ferris wheel gets on fire .
in the years 1219 and\/or 1234 it appears as church village  .
it ended with the german occupation of belgium following the surrender of the belgian army  .
engineers should equip themselves with advanced knowledge to meet modern day challenges: .
famed poker pro ordered to return $9 . 6 million to casino .
planes in istanbul cannot fly .
indigo dye also is used to dye denim cloth  ,  which is used to make what are called blue jeans ( they should really be called indigo jeans )  .
it can move up to 274 metres per hour .
brantford is a city in ontario  ,  canada  .
the google + iphone app was the most popular free application in the apple app store less than a day after it was added to the store  .
he comes to a hospital .  the knife is still in his head .
vacancies for us strip malls improve slightly .
the family had their first contact with western civilisation in the 1920s  ,  when minyintiri was still a child  .
people are investigating why the helicopter crashed
sturt national park was shown on a british tv documentary called `` planet earth   .
homo naledi lived a long time ago .
the division was one of the original 75 divisions created for the first federal election in 1901  .
a new islamic state video threatens a paris-style attack on washington .
it lies in the seetal valley  ,  about 3 kilometres ( 1 . 9 mi ) south of the aare delta  .
they were started in 1978 by brothers adolfo angel and gustavo angel and their cousin fernando angel  .
another 10-12 years is required for the second harvest  ,  and a tree can be harvested a dozen times in its lifetime  .
an accident happens in india .  there is a bridge .
high amounts of flooding happened in much of eastern florida  ,  along with some wind damage  .
the idea for creating administrative areas based upon the large conurbations outside london based on the model of the county of london or greater london  .
in 1067 carcassonne became the property of raimond bernard trencavel  ,  viscount of albi and nîmes  .
guy v .  lewis ii ,  hall of fame college basketball coach ,  dies at 93 .
were back !  .
all varieties have a porcelain-like shine and many have colorful patterns  .
the whole skull is very broad  ,  0 . 4 times as wide as long  .
d . c .  mayor to propose bill expanding rights of sexual assault victims .
it is not true .
the march 1939 oag shows 47 weekday departures : 13 on united  ,  13 american  ,  9 twa  ,  4 northwest and two each on eastern  ,  braniff  ,  pennsylvania central and c&s  .
pakistani taliban have stepped up attacks on border posts: .
porridge is a traditional food in many countries in northern europe  .
intravenous epinephrine  ,  however  ,  has been linked to irregular heartbeats ( dysrhythmia ) and heart attacks ( myocardial infarction )  .
moir comes from a family of skaters  .
facebook buys whatsapp .
on average  ,  every fifth instruction executed is a branch  ,  so that s a high amount of stalling  .
if no candidate has a majority of the votes in any round  ,  the candidate with the fewest votes is eliminated  ,  and those voters  next choice votes are then counted  .
they send police to catalonia .  the police stop people from voting .  people and the police fight .
andy murray gets covered in slime for nickelodeon kids choice awards .
‘i want to kill children , ’ a middle school teacher wrote to his students .
gravity based platforms: .
the origin of the bolshoi is found in the creation of a dance school for a moscow orphanage in 1773  .
he is given a device called fludd ( flash liquidizer ultra dousing device )  ,  which mario straps on his back  .
us economy adds 113 , 000 jobs in january .
md .  county school board members call for leaders’ ouster after head start debacle .
it is spreading fast .
three years ago ,  the islamic state massacred yazidis in iraq .  why ?  .
water in d . c .  ,  parts of northern virginia could have chlorine taste ,  smell .
the eight people must be good storytellers .  to apply for the job ,  they have to describe what freedom means .
but it wasn’t good either .
jay beagle to play against blackhawks .
lemon juice  ,  salt  ,  and a little white pepper or cayenne pepper are often added as seasoning  .
knievel died from pulmonary disease caused by diabetes in clearwater  ,  florida on november 30  ,  2007  ,  aged 69  .
in 1862  ,  lorenzo delmonico hired him for delmonico s restaurant  ,  and it was there that ranhofer made his real fame  ,  though others say that he made the fame of the restaurant as well  .
the man on the ground dies .
the season is scheduled to be released on dvd and blu-ray on august 24  ,  2010  ,  alongside a complete series boxset  .
former trump campaign chief lewandowski huddles with senate investigators .
he was sometimes called il divino ( `` the divine one  )  .
every person reacts differently .
steve harvey crowns wrong miss universe .
in september 1998 the social democrats  ,  led by gerhard schröder  ,  beat the christian democrat government of helmut kohl  .
his important literature works and musical works  ,  grouped by their type  ,  are listed below  .
gilbert s potoroo was not seen again for many years  ,  even though many people had searched for them in the 1970s  .
grant county is a county in the u . s .  state of wisconsin  .
india and pakistan have bad relations .
the car works .  you can enter it and move it
he finds a tribe of men preparing to sacrifice a young virgin to their water god  .
in 1835 she was legally separated from dudevant  .
thai customs shows some of the cars on the news .  this is to show that the cars are found .
alabama residents react to roy moore allegations .
bay was born on february 17  ,  1965 in los angeles  ,  california  .
there are billions of habitable planets in our galaxy .
crispy zucchini-potato latkes with spicy apple and yogurt sauce .
teen’s last-minute decision to go to a halloween party ended her life .
harrison married a model pattie boyd  ,  in 1966  ,  but they were divorced in 1971  ,  and had no children  .
by the 1st century bc the threat of the legions under a demagogue was recognized  .
the gye also includes some private lands around those managed by the u . s .  government  .
usually there are 27 days during the summer that reach 90 ° f ( 32 ° c ) or above  .
construction of the central cross-island highway began on july 7  ,  1956 and it first opened to traffic on may 9  ,  1960  .
the heel of the support foot is turned while the other foot is held close and parallel to the support one  .
camden county is a county in the u . s .  state of north carolina  .
nk cells are unique : they have the ability to recognize stressed cells in the absence of antibodies and major histocompatibility complex ( mhc )  .
in 1963  ,  erik chisholm made an opera from the play  .
tied in a cotton bag  ,  oat straw was used to soften bath-water  .
rhythm game  ,  or rhythm action  ,  is a subgenre of action game that challenges a player s sense of rhythm  ,  and includes dance games such as dance dance revolution and other music-based games such as donkey konga and guitar hero  .
his method anticipates the principles of a geographic information system ( gis )  .
the company gives the mattresses to poor and homeless people
it has a face of the president on one side and it has the statue of liberty on the other side .  there are words on the coin: in trump we trust .
one male dies and another is seriously hurt after assault in aspen hill area .
in france she was known as dauphine marie anne victoire  .
costa rica has no yellow card .
author elmore leonard dies at 87 .
china will be stronger and the usa weaker .
major pipeline approved .
purdue offers both undergraduate and graduate programs in over 210 major areas of study  .
former nih employee pleads guilty to misuse of government issued credit card .
400-450 fallow deer descend from the original herd introduced in the 1660s  .
impregilo says wins contracts for 770 million euros .
the hymenium is the layer of tissue on the hymenophore of a fungal fruiting body  ,  where cells develop into basidia or asci  .
the terracotta army figures were made in workshops  .
his handwritten directions and palmprint on a brochure found in the rogers  vehicle  ,  along with a description of his boat written by jo rogers on the brochure  ,  were the primary clues that led to his being named a suspect  .
the goal for lieutenant colonel john durnford-slater and no .  3 commando was to do two landings 8 miles ( 13 km ) east of dieppe to destroy the coastal artillery battery near berneval  .
we don’t know why the fire happened .  people try to understand
volcanic eruptions are common  .
he is the only person to win two nobel prizes in physics  .
in 1911 he led one of the first player strikes over the players wanting more money  .
honeybees communicate by dance the direction of a food source without formal instruction  .
the geology make up is of ordovician or tertiary sediments  .
college freshman on spring break killed in ne .
after obtaining his ph . d .   ,  mcgraw joined his father  ,  dr .  joe mcgraw  ,  in wichita falls  ,  texas  ,  where the elder mcgraw had a private psychology practice  .
at least 58 palestinians die .  thousands are injured .
he said why front man liam gallagher did not get to sing the song :  ( vocally ) liam just could nt get that one  .
some fans want people to make a monument for him .  they want to honour his work
wesley united methodist church holding rummage sale today .
bombards were replaced by weapons using smaller calibre iron shells with more powerful gunpowder  .
as a matter of fact most of the tuffs found in the older rock formations contain mixtures of clay  ,  sand  ,  and sometimes fossil shells  ,  which prove that they were beds spread out under water  .
he said that the aryan race was stronger  ,  in better health  ,  and more fit to rule than all other people  .
romo wants to play but likely cant .
kejriwal enacting drama to hog attention ,  sympathy: .
arlington board raises tax rate 1 . 5 cents ,  all devoted to schools and metro .
falls lake park is in northern wake county and contains the 12 , 000 acre falls lake and 26 , 000 acres of woods  .
on the eastern front the soviets  operation bagration during the summer had destroyed much of germany s army group center  .
how to restore the gloss on a marble table .
sean savoy leads wilson’s wildcat offense in turkey bowl loss to woodson .
its most dramatic effect is on the distribution of mammals  ,  but weak-flying or flightless birds  ,  reptiles  ,  amphibians  ,  arthropods and even freshwater fish also migrated  .
pope paul iii presided over the last session of the council of trent which was the major event of his papacy  .
the first use of taupe as a color name in english was in the early 1800s ( exact year is not known )  .
it is part of the microsoft windows nt line of operating systems and was released on february 17  ,  2000  .
they are also have a heavily armored skull roof ( so they also have an even older name `` stegocephalia  )  ,  and complex vertebrae  .
it is officially tasmania s top tourist attraction  .
finding nemo is a 2003 american computer-animated comedy film written and directed by andrew stanton  ,  released by walt disney pictures  ,  and the fifth film produced by pixar animation studios  .
the polluted water turns dogs blue .
it is very hot in many countries .
central florida is the central region of the united states state of florida  ,  on the east coast  .
he is the son of irving  ,  who was a watchmaker  ,  and bessie ( nee mathias ) reiner  .
however  ,  various later ibāḍī leaders are recognized as true imāms  ,  including abdullah ibn yahya al-kindi of south arabia and the imāms of the rustamid dynasty in north africa  .
in that agreement  ,  the entire 150-acre ( 61 ha ) site was bought from its previous owner  ,  first gardens  ,  l . c .   ,  by the trust for public land  ,  a nation wide conservation group  .
the origin of the wedge is unknown  ,  because it has been in use as early as the stone age  .
a company called carbon engineering can capture carbon dioxide (co2) from the air and turn it into fuel .
a famous quotation of heaviside is : `` i do not refuse my dinner simply because i do not understand the process of digestion  .
people find it 20 kilometres of havana .
examples are hansel in hänsel und gretel  ,  and cherubino in the marriage of figaro  .
kareem abdul-jabbar’s lesson to howard students on education needs a special focus on money .
the lemon shark is targeted by commercial and recreational fishermen along the u .  s  ,  atlantic ocean  ,  caribbean  ,  and in the eastern pacific ocean  .
thompson played only five games in the 1938-39 season  ,  because the bruins decided to replace him with frank brimsek  .
clinton questions whether sanders is qualified to be president .
bradley cooper will bring washington post reporter’s pulitzer-winning book to hbo .
fiona finds their friends and explains to donkey what shrek had wanted for christmas  .
with well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear  ,  erika became stronger as the circulation became better defined  .
then the u .
unattended package leads to temporary lockdown of the white house .
it is in a zoo .  the zoo is in northern japan .
the warriors look unstoppable ,  but andre iguodala’s health could be their undoing .
planes take off at a 10 to 15 degree angle .  this is the standard .
russian tv shows the pictures .  the pictures show flight mh17 .
supporters of design assume that natural objects and man-made objects have similar properties  ,  therefore both must be designed  .
cause celeb: helen mirren testifies in the senate on nazi-stolen art .
at the competition  ,  she set a new world record again  .
trump’s hotel company moves into his political territory ,  beginning with mississippi .
burj khalifa is the tallest building in the world .
cook took over from deakin shortly before the 1913 election and won government by a single seat  .
d . c .  police arrest 19-year-old in series of overnight burglaries in northwest .
in four u . s .  states  ,  the child is allowed to start a wrongful life cause of action for damages  .
in 2001 the album jaktens tid ( english : the time of the hunt ) was released  .
the division of braddon is an australian electoral division in tasmania  .
bus-only lanes set to open april 17 in arlington .
the language s official name is bahasa indonesia ( language of indonesia )  ,  which is also used in english  .
people are building a bridge in colombia .  there are 21 workers at the bridge .
the width of its cephalofoil is 40 to 50 % of the body length  .
if the bananas were placed on the ground outside the cage  ,  they used sticks to lengthen the reach of their arms  .
the bbc suspended a big star ,  jeremy clarkson .
the leaders of the two countries shook hands at a meeting .
edgar whitcomb ,  indiana governor with late-life wanderlust ,  dies at 98 .
they are a form of the traditional arms  .
this happens in israel .  an emu runs from a farm .
the members of the science fiction poetry association ( sfpa ) choose several possible winners ( nominees ) for each year s rhysling awards  .
without the right tools and technique  ,  matcha can become `` burnt  and is not such good quality  .
the animals already want to live in the homes .  they do not have many places to hide .
mayor ford to give doug holyday a key to the city .
the two-letter abbreviations for swiss cantons are widely used  ,  e . g .  on car license plates and in the iso 3166-2 codes ( with the prefix `` ch -   ,  i . e .  ch-sz for the canton of schwyz )  .
during this time he came under ix corps  ,  part of general sir herbert plumer s second army  .
in the 1930s  ,  the swedish writer amelie posse brazdova wrote a book entitled sardinia side show  ,  where she told the complete story of 2 years she spent `` interned  in alghero old town during world war i .
éamon de valera ( born with the name edward george de valera  ,  how to say : \/ ˈeɪmən dɛ vəˈlɛɹə \/ ) ( 14 october 1882-29 august 1975 ( 1975-08-29 ) ( aged 92 ) ) was one of the dominant political figures in 20th century ireland  .
his nephew and successor frederick william ii instead ordered the body be entombed next to his father in the church of the potsdam garrison  .
a bleached coral is white .  around 38 per cent of corals are bleached this year .  around 12 , 000 square kilometres of corals die
shooting in alexandria leaves two people dead and one wounded .
the washington post introduces fuse ,  new technology for ads across all post platforms .
a movie about him is being made ,  too
`` always mine  s lyrics are about teenage love and negative peer pressure from friends  .
the pacific crest trail is in the usa .  it starts on the border with mexico .
the zabulon skipper can be found in a variety of habitats such as woodland edges  ,  woodland openings  ,  near roads  ,  and near streams  .
it is an event for fun .  people put on costumes .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
nicholas addams ,  82 ,  dies after being hit by vehicle in northwest washington .
the battle of ellandun ( also spelled ellendun ) was fought in 825 between the armies of egbert of wessex and beornwulf of mercia  .
despite this  ,  thomas burke  ,  of the united states  ,  won the 100 meter race in 12 . 0 seconds and the 400 meter race in 54 . 2 seconds  .
there is war in syria .  russia gets involved .
pakistan to resume cross-border trade in kashmir .
the cat is a star .
the year of the rooster begins on january 28th .
the floods damage the city .
pope gregory ii ( latin : gregorius segundus ; 669 - 11 february 731 ) was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 89th pope from 19 may 715 to his death on 11 february 731  .
the flames moved along a passageway towards the powder room where 17 tons of gunpowder were stored  .
oasis were formed in 1991 by vocalist liam gallagher  ,  guitarist paul arthurs ( also known as `` bonehead  )  ,  bassist paul mcguigan ( also known as `` guigsy  ) and drummer tony mccarroll  ,  a unit soon joined by guitarist  ,  vocalist and lead songwriter noel gallagher  ,  liam s older brother  .
dellums writes that she lost contact with carrie after she returned to south africa  .
ravens terminate contract of bobbie williams .
it is getting better and better .  it can put the leg under its body .
a balloon crew member says that ballooning is safe .  there is almost no danger
italy wants to make the drug cheaper .  it tells the army to grow it .
ayurveda emerging as alternative medical treatment: .
they are among the smallest of birds : most species measure 7 . 5-13 cm ( 3-5 in )  .
in the ninth century  ,  vikings settled the cotentin  ,  which became part of normandy in the early tenth century  .
the blood moon happens only when the sun ,  earth and moon are in a line .
the english action word drive can be changed to the tagalog word magda-drive meaning will drive ( used in place of the tagalog word magmamaneho )  .
chevron to move to elizabeth quay .
as a full-grown man  ,  gagarin was 1 . 57 metres ( 5 ft 2 in ) tall  ,  which was an advantage in the small vostok cockpit  .
some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout  .
the streets are full of people .  this is dangerous .
in a forest  ,  two men are looking for treasure  .
on 28 february  ,  lavigne performed at the concert portion of the vancouver 2010 winter olympics closing ceremony  .
miss manners: how to respond to ‘you’re more fun when you’re drunk’ .
at times of crisis or fiesta  ,  it was a space where many people could be together at once  .
peter goes to a doctor .
it is 44 miles ( 71 km ) northeast of pittsburgh  ,  and is by the allegheny river  .
the movie was directed by george b .  seitz  .
the body armor costume worn by jagger is on show at the queanbeyan city library  ,  with the letters `` mj  scratched on the inside  .
girls aloud was a british girl group created by an itv television show named popstars : the rivals in 2002  .
totti making encouraging progress .
the cities become richer sources of raw materials for metal than the mineral deposits in nature ( urban mining )  .
a man approaches her .  he takes her money .
america could save $34 billion a year on health .
the 1965 atlantic hurricane season was the first hurricane season to have the bounds from june 1  ,  1965 to november 30  ,  1965  .
the fan is taken apart and the cat is saved .
they will ban them from their football clubs
they have won the stanley cup championship 24 times  ,  more than any other team  .
the beavers also tell them about aslan  ,  the true king of narnia  .
the bikini is perhaps the most popular female beachwear around the globe  .
thousands pack pioneer courthouse square for 29th annual tree lighting .
in the 1930s  ,  anne and charles explored and charted air routes between continents  .
thai anti-government leader shot dead .
if he finds new dna ,  that could belong to nessie .
a psychologist was accused of raping a patient .  now he is dead .  .
his grandmother  ,  anne galbraith carey  ,  started the gilman school for boys in roland park in 1897  .
translating genesis: figures of speech .
it is illegal .  however ,  around 1 .
records of seismic waves called seismograms allow to map the interior of the earth  ,  and locate and measure the size of those different sources  .
supreme court critical of lawyer’s decision to concede guilt of client who claimed innocence .
joshua david bell ( born 9 december 1967 ) is an american violinist  .
vets watch the two dolphins non-stop .
johannes brahms ( 7 may 1833 - 3 april 1897 ) was a famous german composer  .
berg quotes this chorale in the last movement of the piece  ,  using the harmony composed by johann sebastian bach  .
its journey is the same every year .  it travels through pieces of rock between september and december .
former prince george’s school volunteer indicted on 270 counts in child porn case .
the five families are the five major italian-american mafia crime families which have controlled organized crime in new york city since the 1930s  .
friend and spiritual heir to théodore géricault  ,  delacroix was also inspired by byron  ,  with whom he shared a strong identification with the `` forces of the sublime   ,  of nature in often violent action  .
this news is about a marathon .  it is very hard .
after the first formal agreement  ,  nine labor co-op mps were elected at the 1929 general election  ,  and alexander was made a cabinet minister  .
mucha s art nouveau style was often imitated  .
this fortress is in france .  it is important .
before she is crowned  ,  zuko and katara arrive  .
conan obrien calls horse race at santa anita .
before the hearings the chair of the committee  ,  senator arlen specter of pennsylvania  ,  wrote an op\/ed in the new york times referring to roe as a `` super-precedent  .
edward b .  lewis ( may 20  ,  1918 - july 21  ,  2004 ) was an american geneticist  .
the name derives from `` huayang   ,  an alternate name for sichuan province  .
two species are known : a .  kadabba  ,  dated to about 5 . 6 million years ago ( late miocene )  ,  and a .  ramidus  ,  which lived about 4 . 4 million years ago during the early pliocene  .
a river there makes many people leave their houses .  a few people die .
many people wrongly refer to mato grosso do sul as simply `` mato grosso   .
more people are in danger .  they must leave their homes .
this is inferred from the high levels of sequence similarity seen in different species of dna  .
stress is the average force per unit area that a particle of a body exerts on an adjacent particle  ,  across an imaginary surface that separates them  .
on november 6  ,  2003  ,  version 2 . 0 of america s army : special forces was made  .
dambrosio moved into single-seaters in 2003  ,  and won the belgian formula renault ( 1 . 6 litre ) championship  .
us federal regulation ( cfr 27 5 . 37 alcohol content ) requires that liquor labels state the percentage alcohol by volume ( sometimes abbreviated abv )  .
north korea threatens to shoot down u . s .  warplanes .
the fork allowed it to achieve greater accuracy than conventional balance-wheel watches  .
you have the chance to get insured against mistakes in writing with the help of skilled experts in proofreading .
hello students ,  we have a website for you .
each paperback has a three-word title  .
fernando is the son of the phd urbanist marta dora grostein and the journalist mario escobar de andrade  ,  director of playboy magazine in brazil  ,  who passed away in 1991  .
the lady patricia and miranda guinness were cargo ships that were used to export guinness from the st .  james s gate brewery  .
a power struggle within japan led to the growth of military governments and less imperial power  .
it covers the northern beach suburbs of sydney  ,  including narrabeen  ,  beacon hill  ,  newport  ,  palm beach and terrey hills  .
clinton campaign ,  dnc paid for research that led to russia dossier .
man critically wounded by gunfire in the district .
people should eat less processed meat and more fruit and vegetables .
the barracks were made from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the rock on the headland  .
he lands safely on the beach .  no one is hurt .
two doctors work at a university hospital .  it is in michigan ,  usa .
wheldon married his long-time personal assistant  ,  susie behm  ,  in 2008  .
ben carson struggles in post-paris interview on foreign policy .
did russia obtain 20 percent of our uranium  ?  .
peazip is under the gnu lesser general public license  ,  peazip is free software  .
house committee to hold hearing on prescription drug pricing .
u . s .  troops carry out ground raid against isis in syria .
in the uk  ,  only the season boxset was released without being released in four volumes first  .
its main goals are promoting the ability to do science and excellence for sustainable development in the south ( see north-south divide )  .
david cassidy busted for dui .
they also released the mcd regie axese  ,  which was dedicated to their former drummer cernunnos  .
the game started as a redesign to the original cube engine  ,  and its first release was made on may 6  ,  2004  .
it is named for sir samuel griffith  ,  9th premier of queensland  ,  chief justice of the high court of australia  ,  and principal author of the constitution of australia  .
wedge meets with team for first time since stroke .
this is not its first accident .
in 1798 it was called the estates theatre when it was bought by the czech estates  .
anquan boldin named nfc offensive player of week .
qo ` mey posmoh hol : language opens worlds - motto of the klingon language institute  .
experts give both groups a maths test .
vienna’s christmas markets are very famous .  they are open to the public right now .
temperatures there can get as low as − 65 ° f ( − 54 ° c ) in mid-winter  ,  and as high as 99 ° f ( 37 ° c ) in summer  .
squire patton boggs to acquire calif . -based law firm carroll burdick .
she made a brief appearance in miley cyrus s `` 7 things  music video  .
the plane then crashes into a river .
in most parts of eastern europe  ,  headscarves are used mainly by elderly women ( grandmothers ) and this led the incorrect use of the `` babushka  term  .
the bridge is 1257 feet ( 383 . 13 m ) long it was built in 1927-29 by the victorian railways construction branch  ,  being the largest trestle bridge in australia when completed in june  ,  1929  .
he said to himself ,  from a mountain as high as this one ,  i will be able to see the whole planet and all the people .
he was born in adelaide  ,  south australia  .
( in the movie version the main person in the story is peter phillip kenneth keith  .
plotting an isochron ( straight-line graph ) is used to solve the age equation graphically  .
the officials can help .
warren e .  barry ,  maverick virginia legislator ,  dies at 82 .
in other words  ,  the idiom also makes sense when someone might throw out the baby and keep the bath water  .
doctors give her an injection .
the term graphene was coined as a combination of graphite and the suffix  - ene  by hanns-peter boehm  ,  who described single-layer carbon foils in 1962  .
he was drafted by the new york giants in the third round of the 2008 nfl draft  .
dere street still exists as the route of major roads  ,  including the a1 and a68 just north of corbridge  .
it was called the fourth year since the early medieval period  ,  when the anno domini calendar era became the usual method in europe for naming years  .
it entered the united states market ( via california ) in 1997 and the middle east in 2000  .
the relationship between two measured quantities is often expressed as a power law : or in a logarithmic form : where is the scaling exponent of the law  .
the old government lost a lot of money .
every kilometre ,  people shower colour powder on the runners .
three arrested on suspicion of burglary .
assistant chief peter newsham chosen as interim d . c .  police chief .
he asks hercules to kill the minotaur  .
she goes to hospital
fitzgerald was also qualified as a barrister from the king s inns of ireland  .
wrangel island is at the northwestern limit of the sea  ,  herald island is near its northern limit  ,  and a few small islands are along the siberian and alaskan coasts  .
in 1850  ,  the stowe family moved to a house near the campus of bowdoin college in brunswick  ,  maine  .
w magazine has nearly half a million  ,  469 , 000 subscribers  .
wakulla county was created from leon county in 1843  .
the division was named after sir john eardley-wilmot  ,  the sixth lieutenant-governor of tasmania  .
michelle obama gives her last interview as the first lady .
after graduating from astronaut high school in 1993 and later the university of central florida with a degree in marketing  ,  tosh moved to los angeles where he lives with his dog  .
the giraffe is the animal with the longest neck .  people make june 21st the world giraffe day .
her mother  ,  catherine  ,  is of danish and french canadian ancestry and her father  ,  mark  ,  is mexican american and venezuelan ancestry  .
my first marriage did not have a shot: .
many singers cover it .  some are jeff buckley and bono .
bank in prince george’s robbed monday afternoon .
tom wilson on wayne simmonds: ‘i hope i didn’t wake him up’ .
aaron hernandez writes prison letter praising tom brady ,  bashing robert kraft .
a woman wants to paint something .  sadly ,  she has nothing to paint on .
after a spider catches a fish ,  it moves it to a dry place .
the post developed successfully as the first navigable port on the congo river above livingstone falls  ,  a series of rapids over 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) below leopoldville  .
they visited bali  ,  java ( island )  ,  kuala lumpur  ,  malacca  ,  penang  ,  siam  ,  and singapore  .
he paid 20 , 000 euros
senate leaders reach deal to end us government shutdown .
groups are necessary  ,  according to freud in order to decrease the narcissism in all people by creating libidinal ties with others by placing everyone at an equal level  .
bill green ,  post ombudsman who investigated fabricated janet cooke story ,  dies at 91 .
comey to teach course on ethical leadership for college of william & mary .
a storm hits fiji .
when not draped over the head in the traditional style  ,  it is usually worn with the middle portion of the dupatta resting on the chest like a garland with both ends thrown over each respective shoulder  .
in 1999 the event was hosted by england  ,  with some matches also being held in scotland  ,  ireland  ,  wales and the netherlands  .
in july 2005  ,  during the 2005 tour  ,  vinokourov s contract was running out and people wondered if he was to stay with t-mobile  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
pregnant khloe kardashian works out hard after fat shaming .
scott was born in london  ,  the only child of antarctic explorer robert falcon scott ( scott of the antarctic ) and sculptor kathleen bruce  .
the card is designed to reduce the number of transactions at ticket offices and the number of single paper tickets sold on the london transport network  .
dorothy was inspired to write through her friendship with mary ann maze ( mary ann kilner  ,  1753-1831 )  .
these students are from 30 states  ,  the district of columbia and 17 countries  .
nightly homework should be optional for elementary school students .
israeli girl discovers good-luck charm from ancient egypt .
carmelo anthony ejected for hitting hawks’ thabo sefolosha in the face .
nancy friday ,  best-selling chronicler of women’s erotic fantasies ,  dies at 84 .
what yelp can tell you about a hospital that official ratings can’t .
there are currently no subspecies recognized  .
tons of material collected from water catchment facilities .
gop ,  trump suffer recruiting setback as n . d .  rep .  kevin cramer will not run for senate .
the massachusetts bay transportation authority  ,  boston s transit system  ,  had some service shut down after the bombings  .
some registration offices have overlooked this rule by mistake  ,  however ; there are a few cars registered carrying prohibited codes  ,  such as b-ss 12  .
many parents who watched the first jurassic park in 1993 took their own kids to see jurassic world .
as a junior  ,  he had 1 , 523 yards and 20 scores and also added 458 yards and 8 tds rushing  .
the 1998 season saw a 1-2 finish at spa-francorchamps with damon hill and ralf schumacher  .
pope francis ends his mexico tour praying for migrants at the u . s .  border .
stuart mcphail hall ( 3 february 1932 - 10 february 2014 ) was a jamaican-born cultural theorist and sociologist  .
otzis clothes were from goat leather ,  bear fur and other animals .
ingmar guandique released into custody of immigration officials .
this is in 1980 .  years later ,  the thief shows his ex-wife the violin .
glenrowan is a small town in the northeast of victoria  ,  australia  .
most of the population and agricultural production are concentrated in the plain of roussillon  ,  with only 30 % of the area  .
the car goes under water
he died of the plague  ,  the year after his ennoblement  .
her observations played a key role in the discoveries that belemnite fossils contained fossilized ink sacs  ,  and that coprolites  ,  known as bezoar stones at the time  ,  were fossilized faeces  .
us dollar ends cheaper against rupee .
gov .  branstad and chinese delegation sign ``agreement of understanding .
originally  ,  the name hilo applied to the whole district of hilo  ,  now divided into south hilo district and north hilo district  .
an octopus predicts the outcome of 8 matches in the 2010 world cup .
two sets of human remains found in fairfax county park .
the following modes recur most often in the series :
at the heart of the cave they find an old woman  ,  hercules sees she is chained up  ,  and is hit over the head by the man  ,  who is really a warlock  .
there are two babies on the plane ,  too .
another person said her toilet is so small that she has to sit sideways .
on september 11  ,  2001  ,  united airlines flight 93 left newark on its way to san francisco international airport  .
president donald trump will meet russian president vladimir putin soon to talk about the arms race .
by 9 , 000 years ago there were no longer people living on the small islands in bass strait or kangaroo island  .
a scientist said life can live in very hot caves and at the bottom of the ocean where there is no light .
many followers come from different cities  ,  towns and villages in pakistan  .
the people at the square hope that everyone will say ‘yes’ .
‘please accept our deepest apologies’: calif .  college scraps plans for san bernardino play .
the restaurant wants to have events in more cities .  the events may happen in barcelona ,  cape town ,  and sydney
the dog pees on an old fireplace during the meeting .
youths booked for harassing women .
she won glowing reviews for her role as the aggressive cheerleading coach sue sylvester  .
the technology is patented .  however ,  it can take time until people use it in the everyday world
since 1981  ,  the vezina trophy has been awarded by the nhl general managers to the most outstanding goaltender  .
seoul is in the middle of the korean peninsula  .
a few tips from experts for interacting with alzheimer’s patients .
it is 43 years old .  on wednesday morning ,  there is a fire in the building .
four post staffers win polk journalism awards .
adams was arrested in march 1972 and interned hms maidstone  ,  but was set free in june to take part in secret talks in london  .
lexington college student shot dead in car .
it shares borders with the states of pará and amazonas  ,  as well as the countries venezuela and guyana  .
thirty-eight people die .  there are pictures of the bridge before the fall .
the witch doctors in africa are known as sangomas in southern africa  .
he also continued his box office success with the rocky franchise and wrote  ,  directed and starred in two more movies to the series : rocky iii ( 1982 ) and rocky iv ( 1985 )  .
kate winslet welcomes a baby boy !  .
proposals on automatic ejection ,  touchbacks meet opposition from nfl coaches .
carolyn johnson joins knbc in los angeles .
the park occupies 81 . 4 square miles ( 211 square kilometers ) near the four corners and features ruins of homes and villages built by the ancestral puebloan people  ,  sometimes called the anasazi  .
vettel s performances earned him a place at red bull racing for 2009  .
gogoi rules out division ,  warns against violence .
energy transition ( german : energiewende ) is the transition of germany and several other countries to sustainable economies by means of renewable energy  ,  energy efficiency and sustainable development  .
the spanish lieutenant-governor carlos de hault de lassus appointed daniel boone commandant of the femme osage district  ,  which he served until the united states government bought the area in the louisiana purchase in 1804  .
she was found ten days later because she had said where her boyfriend worked  .
in june 1950  ,  cabell married margaret waller freeman  .
it is one of a group of small  ,  shrubby species with slender stems and flexible strap-shaped leaves that grow as understory plants in rainforests  .
after coming to europe  ,  the drink slowly got popularity  .
because they are fitted with really good digital cameras  ,  any type can also be used as a tool to spy with  .
indiana is a u . s .  state located in the midwestern and great lakes regions of north america  .
derek jeter retiring after the 2014 season .
the day after pecksuot  ,  a massachusett warrior and leader of the group who threatened wessagusset  ,  came to the settlement with other warriors  .
they should lose weight ,  exercise more ,  eat healthier food ,  avoid alcohol and salt ,  quit smoking ,  and avoid stress .
iron ( ii ) chloride  ,  also known as ferrous chloride  ,  is a chemical compound  .
it was an emotional win for hamlin as his grandmother  ,  thelma clark  ,  died the friday before the race  .
police come and take him to the police station
first there were the dorset and then thule and inuit people  .
further information : iron age the earliest period of classical antiquity took place before the re-appearance of historical sources after the bronze age collapse  .
they recorded the song `` die zeit hält nur in träumen  and presented the new one at wetten  ,  dass  .  .  .   ?
the ship was built to stay afloat with two of its compartments filled with water  ,  and its ice class on the helcom scale was ic  .
he would do this many times  .
daniel yankelovich ,  pollster whose findings drove corporate ,  government policy ,  dies at 92 .
japans ministry of health do not know how many people have eating disorders .
this is because places have been found where soft parts of organisms are preserved as well as their more resistant shells  .
one of the reasons is because of the censorship by the communist party of china  ,  such as the banning of rock from television and restrictions on performances  .
sir james whyte black  ,  om  ,  frs  ,  frse  ,  frcp ( 14 june 1924 - 22 march 2010 ) was a scottish doctor and pharmacologist  .
the operation takes five hours .
you can see clearly only with the heart .
in june 1894  ,  he called on wilde at 16 tite street without an appointment  ,  and said : `` if i catch you and my son again in any public restaurant i will thrash you  on the 18 february 1895  ,  the marquess left his calling card at wilde s club  ,  the albemarle  ,  inscribed : `` for oscar wilde  ,  posing as a sodomite   .
a club called rhonda: .
horses can get injured during training .  usually it is the jockey’s fault .
spike lee teams up with singer-songwriter stew on a trump-protest-ballad music video .
cherokee county is part of the local southwestern commission  .
in 1836  ,  cherubini wrote a requiem in d minor  ,  which he meant to be performed at his own funeral  .
the great lakes region includes the five lakes and many thousands of smaller lakes  ,  often called inland lakes  .
another linear led display lining the entire arena was also added between the suite and mezzanine levels  .
he painted the mona lisa and the last supper .  he also drew very interesting things .
tv tropes  ,  also called television tropes and idioms  ,  is a wiki that collects tropes seen in movies  ,  television shows  ,  video games  ,  books  ,  and other media  .
some historians to suggest there was french input into the mechanism of this automaton  .
tanahasi made his debut in october 1999 in a match against shinya makabe  .
it is dominated by warehouses and the ivy city yard  ,  a railroad coach yard and maintenance facility for amtrak  .
after almost a decade alternating good and bad performances  ,  the championships organized by the asociación del fútbol argentino were restructured  .
these include five american music awards  ,  eighteen billboard music awards  ,  two brit awards and eight grammy awards  .
compasses can be used for mathematics  ,  drafting  ,  navigation  ,  and more  .
donald trump seems to connect president obama to orlando shooting .
president trump’s company pursues second washington hotel .
she helps the cat get better at the talent .  in the beginning ,  the cat can jump two feet .
d . c .  police arrest a suspect in beating death in ne’s trinidad neighborhood .
the jewish revolt was already ongoing  .
nasdaq dubai appoints chief executive .
telecommunication systems agrees to a $430 . 8 million buyout .
it has this name because players call out eh  !
in cephalopods the contraction of the mantle is used to force water through a tubular siphon  ,  and this propels the animal rapidly through the water  .
long moves to the first place .
the apparition was reported by two children  ,  maximin giraud  ,  and melanie calvat  .
he also performed the opening theme for the television series jennifer slept here  .
no accused can be allowed to leave for treatment abroad: .
the fda lists `` color additives exempt from certification  for food  .
on 10 january 2006  ,  the a380 made its first flight across the atlantic  ,  to medellín  ,  in colombia  .
happy valley contains seven big areas  ,  each with different themed zones  ,  including sunshine beach  ,  happy times  ,  typhoon bay  ,  gold mine town  ,  ant kingdom  ,  shanghai beach and shangri-la woods  .
he performed research in behavior genetics  ,  plant taxonomy  ,  and vegetation science for his master s degree  .
watch: jeff bezos ,  nasa administrator and others on pushing the boundaries of knowledge .
the biota also has the earliest and most basal ( primitive ) known members of groups which spread all around the world by the upper cretaceous  ,  including neoceratopsians  ,  therizinosaurs  ,  tyrannosaurs  ,  and oviraptors  .
many students prefer to make their please ,  do my assignment requests at assigncode .
after making two alchemy machines ( a forge and a well ) running they come to the country of morgal  ,  where beastmen live  .
ten months later ,  the man finds her .  he pushes her to the floor .
a third single  ,  `` es tan dificil olvidarte   ,  dedicated to the soldiers who died  ,  put verónica in the top 10 on the pop contemporary charts  .
fairfax county adopt a pet .
because tropical storm jose formed so close to shore  ,  there was only a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning given out on september 22 for the veracruz coastline  .
ricketts wanted to compose music  .
german militant who denounced islamic state now under investigation for murder ,  war crimes in syria .
abyss returned to action at slammiversary 2008 after the x division championship match wearing a new gray and black mask and smashed d-von and won the television championship
in early 1893  ,  carter traveled to various parts of yorubaland  ,  traveling with soldiers  ,  in an attempt to show the power of the british  .
during the evening of june 23  ,  the jtwc downgraded haima to a tropical depression after making landfall in zhanjiang  ,  guangdong  ,  china but upgraded it to a tropical storm again on june 24  .
americans win nobel prize in medicine .
tropical depression one was the first tropical cyclone of the 2009 atlantic hurricane season  .
tucker is the author of life before life : a scientific investigation of children s memories of previous lives  .
in cryptography  ,  a weak key is a key which when used with a specific cipher  ,  makes the cipher behave in some undesirable way  ,  and simplifies breaking ( cracking ) the ciphertext  .
it was written by al jolson  ,  buddy desylva and vincent rose in 1920  .
fading hope for the supreme court .
the newest element is the richard donald stand at the east  ,  or beach end  ,  of the ground  ,  and is named after former chairman dick donald  .
hornblende is a common constituent of many igneous and metamorphic rocks such as granite  ,  diorite  ,  gabbro  ,  basalt  ,  andesite  ,  gneiss  ,  and schist  .
winning numbers drawn in ‘pick 3 evening’ game .
there are three reasons why screens are bad .
man slips to death .
through these articles  ,  he became a lifelong friend of belgian painter théo van rysselberghe  .
st .  paul united methodists day of service shines light on good work .
one of his classmates was russell b .  long  ,  who would become a u . s .  senator from louisiana  .
she worked on small press fantasy and science fiction magazines called chacal and shayol with her second husband  ,  arnie fenner  .
after some protesting ,  they knock down the statue .  they kick it and cheer .
the author of the report was told not to discuss it .
when they get in and say where they want to go  ,  they are made aware that they are in the cash cab through ceiling lights and music  ,  followed by bailey s greeting  .
when the family moved  ,  bob and lyn irwin started the small queensland reptile and fauna park  .
he puts them on facebook .  he does this to teach people about animal cruelty .
pastor accused of sexually abusing two boys .
small cats must pass the test at the zoo .
also ,  the injections do not always kill fast .  the prisoner can feel pain .
impatiens is a genus of about 850-1  , 000 species of flowering plants  ,  widely distributed throughout the northern hemisphere and tropics  .
sidwell friends guard jelani williams ponders an ivy league hoops leap .
for this reason  ,  the names of a number of places in the northwestern part of warwickshire end with the phrase  - in-arden   .
it is a nocturnal creature and spends most of its waking hours looking for food in trees  .
the $1 billion goes-r satellite will take photos five times faster than other satellites .  photos will be four times better quality .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
in iraq ,  ‘all the pieces’ are now in place to take mosul back from the islamic state .
u . s .  ,  mexico and canada formally announce joint bid for 2026 world cup .
soon ,  the brothers got letters from their mother .
in 1962 and 1968 the upper decks were added to the east and west sides bringing capacity to its all-time high of 58 , 121  .
bādghīs ( persian\/pashto : بادغیس ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of afghanistan  .
also  ,  borussia mönchengladbach went to the relegation play-off  ,  and eintracht frankfurt and fc st .  pauli were relegated  .
anaba bids time to break into elche first team .
once frederick secured the throne in 1740  ,  he would not let elisabeth visit his court in potsdam  ,  and instead gave her schönhausen palace and apartments at the berliner stadtschloss  .
in 2003  ,  roethlisberger led his team to an unbeaten record  ,  a number 10 ranking in the associated press poll and a 49-28 victory over louisville in the 2003 gmac bowl  .
shrimp fisheries began in 1978  ,  as well as cod fishing  .
it is almost finished .
he died in sydney on 21 july 1868 of pneumonia  ,  and was given a state funeral  .
the main figures of scholasticism were peter abelard  ,  albertus magnus  ,  duns scotus  ,  william of ockham  ,  bonaventure and  ,  most importantly  ,  thomas aquinas  .
in 1902  ,  he went to the united states to study at cornell university  .
he returned the market to the abbey and paid restitution for their losses  .
university of florida to pay government $20 million to settle fraud charges .
this material consisted of ` found objects  such as  ,  advertising  ,  comic book characters  ,  magazine covers and various mass produced graphics that mostly represented american popular culture  .
winter weather brings school delays wednesday in the d . c .  region .
the department of justice (doj) is also angry with apple .
firefighters come .
the mayor of melbourne is a man .
all these lakes are drained  ,  however  ,  either through manmade canals or via karstic phenomena  .
daniel sedin ( born september 26  ,  1980 ) is a swedish professional ice hockey winger with the vancouver canucks of the national hockey league ( nhl )  ,  and serves as an alternate captain for the canucks during home games  .
they have nine babies .  seven are male and two are female .
growing list of conservative demands threatens bipartisan deal on ‘dreamers’ .
the ship was 67 meters ( 220 ft ) long and 11 . 3 meters ( 37 ft ) wide  ,  with a gross tonnage of 1 , 273 tons  .
he lies on the bed and he is not awake .
arab indonesians are citizens of indonesia  .
on the july 27  ,  2007 edition of smackdown  !
initially used in-chips targeting embedded markets  ,  where simpler and smaller cpus would allow multiple instantiations to fit on one piece of silicon  .
trainers use small radio-controlled jockeys on the camels .
the first objective of the campaign was to gain air superiority over the royal air force ( raf )  ,  especially fighter command  .
linear combinations of atomic orbitals ( lcao ) can be used to guess the molecular orbitals that are made when the molecule s atoms bond together  .
it is one of 17 managed by network rail  .
is the national bicameral legislature of japan  .
sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas ( glabrous skin ) of the eyelids  ,  nose  ,  penis  ,  labia minora  ,  and nipples  .
anne morrissy merick ,  a trailblazing vietnam war journalist ,  dies at 83 .
bruce alan beutler m . d .  ( born december 29  ,  1957 in chicago  ,  illinois ) is an american immunologist and geneticist  .
europes police said wannacry hit 200 , 000 computers in 150 countries .
to describe motion  ,  kinematics studies the paths of points  ,  lines and other geometric objects in space  ,  and some of their properties such as velocity and acceleration  .
it was the first time he had conducted there  ,  and it was also to be the last time  .
the source of the color `` cafe noir  displayed below is the iscc-nbs color list ( see page c  ,  coffee  ,  color sample # 81 )  .
work advice: yes ,  the new overtime rule probably applies to your small business .
it was released on june 19  ,  2012  .
when eustace ( cousin ) changes his behavior after being changed back from a dragon  ,  edmund mentions his own betrayal and says that eustace was not worse than he was with the words `` you are an ass  ,  but i was a traitor   .
5 metres .
it was the largest land operation by the japanese during the second sino-japanese war  .
they call the police .  the police arrest ahmed .
between 1725 and 1727 konarski learned at the collegium nazarenum in rome  ,  where he became a teacher of rhetoric - the art of good speaking  .
it also owns important american art  ,  old masters  ,  european and american decorative arts  ,  asian art and modern and contemporary art  .
thank you very much
it can be used by the wasps to bore through rotten wood  ,  and lay eggs in grubs hiding under the wood  .
zenz can be in trouble .  people must not glorify the nazi era in austria
they must understand that giving and helping is good .
clay county is part of the local southwestern commission council of governments  .
after 811 total rushing yards ,  navy football tops air force through the air .
iron man 2 is a 2010 american superhero film based on the marvel comics character iron man  .
venice’s jewish ghetto is turning 500 .  is it finally time to celebrate ?  .
terry traffords body found in michigan on tuesday .
13 small yet high-end condos planned for former office building near white house .
there is a new japanese champion in sumo .  sumo is the national japanese sport .
no one gave leicester a chance of winning the league .
pink ballet shoes do not look good on dark skin .
the leaves are alternately arranged  ,  simple  ,  thick  ,  serrated  ,  usually glossy  ,  and 3-17 cm long  .
the sculpture was on loan to the brooklyn museum of art until it was purchased at auction by an english collector  .
all the trailers for the best picture oscar nominees and where you can still watch the movies .
hundreds of fans come .  many formula one drivers come ,  too .
salts ( 95 % table salt : nacl ) began to turn into crystals  ,  covering the surface with a thick crust from three inches to five feet thick ( 1-1  . 7 m )  .
a new jihadist threat may be on the horizon in syria .
come on out for the inaugural dc bike ride .
indonesia has had contact with the arab world for hundreds of years  .
he has lived there since  ,  never traveling father than la paz  ,  80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) from his home  .
what the park service is doing on d . c .  area roadways .
the 2016 southern living idea house: reinventing iconic style .
he moved to harvard to join the laboratory of james d .  watson  ,  co-discoverer of the shape of dna  .
they live in big groups .
a new study says middle age starts at 60 or older .
the couesnon flows through the following departments and towns : in the summer  ,  the water flow is typically in the range of 150 cubic feet per second ( 4 . 2 m3\/s )  .
el paso diablos in negotiations to move to joplin ,  mo .
in three-cushion billiards  ,  sometimes called three-cushion carom  ,  three-cushion  ,  three-cushions  ,  three-rail  ,  rails and the angle game  ,  the object is to carom off both object balls with at least three rails being contacted before the contact of the cue ball with the second object ball  .
playing football makes them feel better .  they act like children .
city of chicago’s law department to be reviewed by former u . s .  attorney .
demand for earplugs to protect from hearing loss during the world cup was bigger than the available supply  .
these banana fiber rugs are woven by traditional nepalese hand-knotted methods  .
the station has a first class area  ,  the only one in wales  .
at redskins training camp ,  josh norman gets football players into fútbol .
daboo malik turns scriptwriter .
germany s deutsche bahn first showed two-car desiro dmus for local services in 2000  .
the skeleton shows evidence of small skull capacity akin to that of apes and of bipedal upright walk akin to that of humans  .
his first woodcut ( 1505 ) represents the virgin and three saints in prayer before a crucifix  .
he broke with the positivist orientation of the science and philosophy of his time  ,  believing that experience is the source of all knowledge  .
rand paul takes another swing at marco rubio over missed budget vote .
caroline kennedy sworn in as ambassador to japan .
there are currently three full time deemsters in the isle of man  .
on the eve of an oprah movie about henrietta lacks ,  an ugly feud consumes the family .
daniel agger feels he belongs at liverpool fc .
pavlensky sets another building on fire there .  this is a bank in paris .
the temporal lobe is a region of the cerebral cortex that is under the sylvian fissure on both cerebral hemispheres of the mammalian brain  .
youth arrested for blackmailing girls .
i only live in one room ,  but i must clean all house .
high court redrafts covenant to make it enforceable .
a carnival cruise in the south pacific descended into violent anarchy .
around 2 , 000 people come to the event .
he wants to try out the course .  he steps up to hit the first shot at the first hole .
stadiums for the 2022 world cup will take longer to build .
evander holyfield ( born october 19  ,  1962 ) is an american boxer  .
some catholic priests ran private armies  ,  and in some areas forced conversion and looting  ,  shelling and demolition of pagodas  .
we do not know his motive .
president trump comes to china .  he receives special treatment .
in we are marshall ( 2006 )  ,  she played the wife of football coach william `` red  dawson  .
she is buried in the allegheny cemetery  .
d . c .  council votes for expansive paid family and medical leave for private-sector workers .  .
also in april 2008 the uk s first chess boxing club was started in london by great britain chess boxing organisation founder tim woolgar  .
u . s .  suicide rate has risen sharply in the 21st century .
in his nobel prize lecture  ,  hoffmann stressed that the isolobal analogy is a useful  ,  yet simple  ,  model  .
the bridge is the only rail link between zambia and zimbabwe  ,  and one of only three road links between the two countries  .
the other way to execute those who he only injured was to stab them with a bayonet and throw them into a hole in the amur river  .
the cheetah has unusually low genetic variability and a very low sperm count  .
termites are eusocial but differ greatly in the genetics of reproduction  .
current newspapers asks readers for voluntary payments .
the separate parliaments of great britain and ireland were abolished  ,  and replaced by a united parliament of the united kingdom  .
these places include the funking conservatory run by dory funk  ,  jr .  and an extreme championship wrestling ( ecw ) dojo  .
and in 1881 parts of granville county  ,  franklin county  ,  and warren county were combined to form vance county  .
a plaque in the lobby of weiskotten hall aptly describes one of the institution s driving philosophies : `` dedicated to all those of scientific and technological mind who purpose to serve humanity  .
these concerts have been held in the `` großer saal  ( large hall ) of the wiener musikverein since 1939  .
boog finds that elliot survived the wound  ,  only losing his second antler in the fight  .
she’s the rose who i put under glass .
his face was very unhappy .
the separate comune of anacapri is high on the hills to the west  .
they do not know that such a website exists .
in may 1980  ,  chauhan traveled to london and announced the formation of khalistan  .
missing college student’s family awaits identification of a body .
in 1928 he won a pulitzer prize for the american orchestra and theodore thomas  .
she is the second american woman and the sixth woman worldwide to do a triple axel jump  .
in june 1720  ,  wesley entered christ church  ,  oxford  ,  with an annual allowance of 40 pounds as charterhouse scholar  .
the current constitution dates from 1997  .
his identification of the broad street pump as the cause of the soho epidemic is the classic example of epidemiology  .
people like to buy expensive chocolate at easter .  expensive chocolatiers make more money around the holiday .
louis durey was the son of a businessman  .
when death comes at the hands of private security guards .
these include fences ,  immigration laws ,  and people who hate them .
when the great chicago fire destroyed the building in 1871  ,  the academy began to owe a lot of money  .
timberlake supported the album by co-headlining the justified\/stripped tour with christina aguilera in the summer of 2003  .
more scholars weigh in on whether ted cruz is a ‘natural born’ citizen .
the success of hilbert space methods started a very fruitful era for functional analysis  .
alfred e .  mann ,  businessman and philanthropist ,  dies at 90 .
as the bidens pack up ,  a look at their mark on the vice president’s residence .
people also wear white clothing .  they believe that the clothing can help them get energy from the sun
readers who do not wish to be exposed to certain content have a number of options : these options will prevent certain kinds of content from being displayed  .
they think it is something technical .  they will stop flying all fighter jets of this same type
if all the player s characters are defeated by losing all their hit points  ,  the party is returned to the last village that the player visited  ,  and the player loses some money  .
d . c .  man struck and killed by u-haul on new york avenue .
angels hire don baylor as hitting coach .
the preschool was part of a larger movement across the united states called the `` free school movement   .
purkyně was born in bohemia  ,  which was then in the austro-hungarian empire  ,  now it is in the czech republic  .
ivanka trump moves into west wing office ,  acknowledges ‘no modern precedent’ for her role .
a researcher said older mothers are more flexible and more easy-going .
on october 20  ,  2009  ,  with the death of retired u . s .  senator clifford p .  hansen  ,  byrd became the oldest living former senator until his death in 2013 at the age of 98  .
priorities usa memo: focus on what trump hasn’t delivered can help democrats .
in spain the reconquista was still happening and several important cities were captured again from the moors  .
wells fargo charged 570 , 000 customers for auto insurance they didn’t need .
their fans went crazy .
house majority leader kevin mccarthy headlines next daily 202 live from the washington post .
cvidya announces support for hadoop platform .
qingdao city is in the east of china .  people there buy beer in plastic bags .
muskoxen live in arctic north america and greenland  ,  with small introduced populations in sweden  ,  siberia and norway  .
most of the party s money is from grants made by the retail co-operative societies  ,  and from the fee charged for managing the political affairs of co-operatives uk  ,  formerly known as the co-operative union  .
evanescence  ,  the bands  self-titled third studio album  ,  was eventually released on october 11  ,  2011  .
also  ,  it was important for the german invaders to propagate the „ pure german knowledge  of national socialistic character in occupied france  .
they protest against the violence .
the insects are wild .
the old persian language is one of the two attested old iranian languages ( besides avestan )  .
jakob bernoulli wanted the shape on his headstone  ,  but  ,  by error  ,  an archimedean spiral was placed there instead  .
the government paid $80 million last year for feds to stay home ,  new analysis reveals .
this news is from india .  it is about two groups of people .
their total frequency range was from visible light down to millimeter waves  .
harald krueger is the boss of bmw .  he is at the international frankfurt motor show .  this is his first big appearance .
apple shareholders want the company to keep children away from screens .  good .  .
joel cornette ,  who helped make butler a power in college basketball ,  dies at 35 .
he goes to a doctor there .
jack boyle ,  concert promoter who founded a music empire ,  dies at 83 .
`` fruit crates  carry `` wumpa fruit  that increase the speed of the player s kart  .
twenty-five buildings are destroyed
many trilobites developed bizarre spines and nodules to defend against predators such as primitive sharks and nautiloids  .
the screen actors guild eventually took the issue to arbitration  ,  and decided that both actresses could use the professional name `` vanessa williams   .
senate judiciary panel prepared to subpoena manafort ,  trump jr .  ,  by friday night .
the west midlands borders the counties of warwickshire to the east  ,  worcestershire to the south  ,  and staffordshire to the north  .
on february 10  ,  1968  ,  lufthansa became the first non-american airline to fly a new boeing aircraft  .
acer introduces two ultrabooks aimed at business users .
harold holzer to speak at president lincoln’s cottage .
she is the younger sister of former us first lady jacqueline kennedy onassis  .
the washington post debuts the first episode of the constitutional podcast .
another group is for women .  experts give both groups a maths test .
j .  clay smith jr .  ,  forceful eeoc leader and howard university law dean ,  dies at 75 .
in september 1979  ,  the county was declared a disaster area due to damage from hurricane frederic  ,  and again in september 2004 due to damage from hurricane ivan  .
they often have articulated skeletons ( bones connected )  ,  soft tissues  ,  color patterns  ,  stomach contents  ,  and twigs with leaves and flowers still attached  .
we may be asking the impossible of the fbi .
hundreds of disabled greeks protest against benefit cuts .
virginia general assembly calls a rare snow day .
it was compiled by arthur chapman  ,  and was part of the australian biological resources study ( abrs )  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil  .
pemex is a mexican national oil company .  pemex owns the plant .
in 1918 sergei joined the red army with his father  ,  mikhail  ,  supporting the opposite side  .
twitter takes first step toward ipo .
in 1993  ,  dushku got the role as pearl alongside robert de niro and leonardo dicaprio in this boy s life  .
it is 10 , 000 years old .
cbbc produces a whole range of program types  ,  including drama  ,  news  ,  entertainment and educational programs  .
how to shore up a concrete patio .
the man wants to see if the dog will adopt the piglets .
napalm bombs were also used in the vietnam war to clear landing zones for helicopters  .
is the emoluments clause a problem for hillary clinton ?  .
supreme court upholds university of texas affirmative-action admissions .
the crash injures two other people .  three houses and two cars get on fire
during the middle of the 2008 season  ,  ricciardo made his formula three debut at the nürburgring  .
he said: our goal is to advance digital intelligence in the way that is most likely to benefit humanity as a whole .
the hypocrisy of the nfl’s stance on sports gambling is no fantasy .
maría isabel urrutia won the nation s first gold medal in 2000  .
they later appeared live and became a popular act in their area  .
shooting by montgomery officer follows assault report .
fatal accident closes roads in fairfax county .
moby ,  david lynch to be featured at ims engage .
what it looks like in charlottesville ,  site of a massive vigil and march .
it reflected matisse s fascination with primitive art : the intense warm color of the figures against the cool blue-green background and the rhythmical succession of the dancing nudes convey the feelings of emotional liberation and hedonism  .
stanisław moniuszko died on 4 june 1872 in warsaw of a sudden heart attack  .
a cache is made up of many entries  ,  called a pool  .
a train travels to barcelona ,  spain .  it is coming to a station .
the lunch is part of an event .  it is the catholic church’s first world day for the poor .  the lunch is veal ,  pasta and dessert .
in the 1990s the chalet robinson was built on the an island on the lake  .
graphite sticks were at first wrapped in string or in sheepskin for stability  .
around 5 , 000 people run in the race .  it is 8 miles long (13 kilometres) .
he said talking was the only answer .
the county seat of minnehaha county is sioux falls  .
the packers traded the no .  90 and no .  163 picks to receive no .  62 for the new england patriots  .
she asks to kiss him .
day-care operator charged with slapping 2-year-old girl 8 times over soiled diaper .
in the summer ,  pandas like to relax
mic mac to miss winter stakes .
doug harvey ,  major league baseball umpire known as ‘god’ on the diamond ,  dies at 87 .
two women make daring escape from d . c .  fire .
magma canceled their proposed purchase  ,  leaving super aguri s future in doubt  .
it was named so because it could fit in a `` pocket  or saddlebag  ,  when they rode along on the hunt  .
an effort from nearly 40 institutions got thousands of bones between 1960 and 1965  .
this fish does not appear often in the aquarium trade  .
while dillon was a federal judge  ,  he wrote municipal corporations ( 1872 )  ,  which was one of the earliest books to present the subject  ,  and people still study it today  .
female dancers often curtsey at the end of a performance to show thanks or acknowledge applause from the audience  .
huxley was slow to accept some of darwin s ideas  ,  but he was wholehearted in his public support of darwin  .
in 1926  ,  firestone opened one of the world s biggest rubber plantations in liberia  ,  west africa  .
bones of pelorosaurus have been found in england and portugal  .
russia had its worst famine in 1601 to 1603  .
now ,  french authorities make a video .  the video is about terror attacks .
heinz fricke ,  east german conductor who transformed wno orchestra ,  dies at 88 .
rachel donelson jackson ( june 15  ,  1767 - december 22  ,  1828 ) was the wife of andrew jackson  ,  the seventh president  .
rambhadracharya s most controversial work was the critical edition of the ramcharitmanas  .
they go for skiing  ,  snowboarding  ,  and ski biking  .
the beluga whale ( delphinapterus leucas ) is a small  ,  toothed whale that is white as an adult  .
there are 2 , 500 crystals on it .
more people are injured .  people find a boy in the rubble .
a ` solid  geologic map of an area will usually show the rock that would be exposed at the surface if all soil or other superficial deposits were removed  .
watchdog group reports seven deaths from ‘preventable’ infections at state facility .
it can the close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles  .
cleo virginia andrews ( v .  c .  andrews ) ( june 6  ,  1923 - december 19  ,  1986 ) was a writer from portsmouth  ,  virginia  .
it peaked at number three on the latin regional mexican albums chart and number 21 on the top latin albums chart  .
he is from wales .  he takes £40 , 000 from an old person .
it reached pearl harbor just in time to sail  .
vviewers were able to watch each of the preliminaries and vote for their favorite singers  .
of the cleanly-formulated hilbert problems  ,  problems 3  ,  7  ,  10  ,  11  ,  13  ,  14  ,  17  ,  19  ,  20  ,  and 21 have a resolution that is accepted by consensus  .
from slack to act: how millennials are redefining political movements .
mel b leans on family to get through nightmare stephen belafonte divorce .
he is director of center for ips cell research and application and a professor at the institute for frontier medical sciences at kyoto university  .
he has honorary degrees from the university of bradford  ,  awarded in july 2003  ,  and sheffield hallam university  ,  awarded in 2004  .
this treaty possesses a spiritual significance far deeper than the text of the instrument itself  .
spyridon louis won the event and was the only greek athletics champion and a national hero  .
the number of jews murdered during the occupation of the city is estimated at about 10 , 000 people  .
michael benjamin bay ( born february 17  ,  1965 ) is an american movie director  ,  producer and actor  .
francis returned to california during the 1960s and continued painting in los angeles  .
clovis maksoud ,  envoy of the arab world to the west ,  dies at 89 .
he had been paralysed and was placed in permanent hospital care for 21 years  .
some of people’s houses are damaged .
the heterodontosauridae ( `` different-toothed lizards  ) is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs  .
on 7 september 2009  ,  wogan confirmed to his listeners that he would be leaving the show at the end of the year  ,  with chris evans taking over the breakfast show from the 11th january 2010  .
this was too much for his wife hortense who refused his request  .
in brazil ,  1 .  5 million people are already infected .
these gardens contain about 100 , 000 kinds of plants ,  including rare ones .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
glassmakers throughout history have experimented with glass fibers  ,  but mass manufacture of fiberglass was only made possible when finer tools for machines were produced  .
baggage handler locked in cargo hold during 1 . 5-hour flight from charlotte to d . c .  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
the channel features hourly news updates called 60 seconds  ,  which includes the top news  ,  sport and entertainment stories  .
other people adopt her .
the gukanshō records that he ruled from the palace of ukena-no-miya at katashiro in kawachi in what will come to be known as yamato province  .
however  ,  some parts of the avalon peninsula had tropical storm conditions  .
mansell raced in the gp masters series and signed a one-off race deal for the scuderia ecosse gt race team to drive their number 63 ferrari430 gt2 car at silverstone on 6 may 2007  .
jean-baptiste frédéric isidor  ,  baron thielemans ( born 29 april 1922  ,  brussels  ,  belgium )  ,  known as toots thielemans  ,  is a jazz musician  .
caldwell county is a county in the state of north carolina  .
us bank redrafts overdraft policies .
d . c .  officer charged in connection with alleged off-duty road-rage incident .
their distribution is mainly in the tropical parts of new guinea and northern australia  ,  though some species extend into central  ,  western and southeastern australia  .
when he was asked what the most important part of mechanism design is  ,  he said welfare economics  .
the team could be in the cave for four months ,  until the water goes down .
the man has a penis transplant .  this is quite special .
this college  ,  now auburn university  ,  opened its doors in 1859  .
this news is about a man from the usa .  he is working with a nail gun .
ten thousand people were left homeless on st .  thomas  .
it is about his work and life .  alan turing was a homosexual – he did not like women ,  he liked men .
she has said she was happy living at colebrooke and that she received a good education both there and at the quorn primary school  .
long beach transit routes 111  ,  104  ,  and 102 serve the airport  .
the song was the official song of the hitler youth : which is why there are some attacks on the old people in the song  .
they mixed this with water .
he is known for his dynamic blues harmonica style  ,  which frequently included vocal whoops and hollers  ,  and imitations of trains and fox hunts  .
it tells the story of frederick frankenstein  ,  grandson of victor  ,  the mad scientist whose experiments in re-animation led to the creation of a monster ; to disassociate himself from his legacy  ,  frederick insists that his surname be pronounced `` fronk-en-steen   .
when the humidex hits 54  ,  then heat stroke is very near  .
assistant city manager nearly loses home to foreclosure .
linskens was the editor-in-chief of the scientific journals theoretical and applied genetics ( 1977 to 1987 ) and sexual plant reproduction  .
we finally know the results of papua new guinea’s elections .
craig ward anton ( born august 28  ,  1962 in omaha  ,  nebraska ) is an american actor and comedian  .
he studied the instrument with tan jianmin  ,  a music professor in china  ,  and mastered it when he was four  .
brown s campaign was based on several policies  ,  including ; capping rates at the cost of inflation  ,  increasing public transport  ,  and working with youth in the region  .
he then studied classical piano  ,  music theory and counterpoint at the vantaa music institute  .
the baby is a girl .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
as written down in the german constitution  ,  the powers of the vacant office were executed by the current president of the bundesrat  ,  jens böhrnsen  ,  until christian wulff was elected president on 30 june 2010  .
monocytes are a type of white blood cell  ,  part of the human body s immune system  .
e-flat minor is its enharmonic equivalent  .
he studied at princeton university and at harvard university  .
veep debate spotlights host: longwood university .
on the june 12  ,  2006 edition of raw  ,  vince mcmahon announced that triple h would face the spirit squad in a 5 on 1 handicap gauntlet match  .
leaders there want everyone to be ready for a terrorist attack .
some time after  ,  she took refuge in her homeland of savoy under the protection of her father who had become king in 1773  .
4 kilograms of cheese .  a frenchman eats 10 times more
the outer wall is 48 meters ( 157 ft \/ 165 roman feet ) high  .
on the other hand  ,  egrets are not a biologically distinct group  ,  and are called egrets because they are mainly white and\/or have decorative plumes  .
in lima ,  peru ,  people hold a large pet wedding ceremony .  they do this to celebrate valentine’s day .
man fatally shot confronting someone trying to steal his suv ,  police say .
‘april and the extraordinary world’ lives up to its title .
on may 18  ,  `` juliette   ,  the first single was released ; the song is instrumentally a remake of corbin bleu s `` deal with it   .
cairn india to invest $3 billion over three years to produce more oil .
now instead of a few big grendels there are thousands of small ones  .
as early as 700 ad  ,  the hohokam people lived in the land that would become phoenix  .
country music legend ray price dies at 87 .
early globes of the earth that show all of the old world were constructed in the islamic golden age  .
some people hate it .
national building museum exhibit showcases housing innovation .
according to freud  ,  pleasure is derived from controlling the anus ( the primary erogenous zone ) and the bladder  .
the river wylye runs along the south west  ,  and the river bourne runs to the east  .
muslim judge in new york takes oath on the koran .
michael young has reached out to red sox .
origin of the name patnitop is a distortion of the original name of `` patan da talab  meaning `` pond of the princess   .
its provinces are aurora  ,  bataan  ,  bulacan  ,  nueva ecija  ,  pampanga  ,  tarlac  ,  and zambales  .
articles at encyclopædia dramatica are notably critical of myspace and administrators of wikipedia  .
agabi said: biology is technology… .
in the 1960s  ,  he showed that dinosaurs are more like big non-flying birds than they are like lizards ( or `` saurians  )  .
britain to build first nuclear power station .
in all  ,  korchnoi was a candidate for the world championship on ten occasions ( 1962  ,  1968  ,  1971  ,  1974  ,  1977  ,  1980  ,  1983  ,  1985  ,  1988 and 1991 )  .
this law is against gay people
local roundup: 18-year-old man is fatally shot in d . c .  .
on 21 july  ,  2003 he was released on licence  ,  after serving half of his sentence  ,  from hmp hollesley bay  ,  suffolk  .
transplanting permits available .
salvation army to open new sports ground in bedford .
its inventors  ,  gerd binnig and heinrich rohrer ( at ibm zürich )  ,  won the nobel prize in physics in 1986  .
in april 1862  ,  he volunteered to take part in a raid with twenty-one others ( later known as `` andrews  raiders  because they operated under the command of james j .  andrews )  .
a staff member puts fuel in his car .  the man walks away to pay .
suspect in 1975 killing of lyon sisters poised to plead guilty .
the modern era of belarusian literature began in the late 19th century  .
related forces which are not part of the azerbaijani armed forces  ,  include the paramilitary azerbaijani national guard  ,  the internal troops of azerbaijan  ,  and the state border service of azerbaijan ( who patrol azerbaijan s borders with georgia  ,  russia  ,  iran  ,  turkey and armenia )  ,  which can be involved in state defense  .
feex raises $3 million in series a .
twenty people fight with the police .
he said it was a historic day in the development .
newcastle united player cheick tiote admits fake licence .
despite increasing amounts of wind shear  ,  the hurricane re-strengthened to hit cape romano  ,  florida as a major hurricane  .
he kills himself after the attack .  people talk about the attack .
he founded the city of dvin which later became the armenian capital  .
novaya zemlya is the northern part of the ural mountains and the interior is mountainous throughout  .
in 1885  ,  the orchestra moved into a new hall which was given the same name  .
former australia captain john hipwell has died .
on december 18 2008  ,  the swedish riksbank asked to phase out the 50 öre  ,  the final öre coin  ,  by 2010  .
authorities try to find out if more people are missing
the gulf flows into the atlantic ocean through the following outlets : st .  paul island  ,  nova scotia  ,  off the northeast tip of cape breton island  ,  is called the `` graveyard of the gulf  for its many shipwrecks  .
he could only see out of the corners of his eyes .
she thought they would be black .
most of the men were killed at jasenovac  ,  but women were sent to forced labor in germany  .
he is famous for his paintings and sculptures : he was one of those who started impressionism  ,  although he rejected the term  ,  and preferred to be called a realist  .
loudoun county couple found dead in apparent murder-suicide .
insight productions had produced other canadian versions of the popular television shows  ,  canadian idol and canada s got talent  .
the system contained an exposed low-level circulation  ,  which from time to time passed under a thick area of convection to its northeast  .
spawning occurs between october and march  ,  but not in water colder than 12 ° c .  the anchovy appears to spawn 100 kilometers from the shore  ,  near the surface of the water  .
this was despite his worsening colitis  .
aka anarchy in the uk on his blog  .
it lives in a river in thailand .  it is a very big fish .
after a year-long search ,  metro names new general manager .
however  ,  the rights of woman was actually well-received when it was first published in 1792  .
it was published in 2007  ,  and was put up for the best first novel agatha award in 2007  .
box-ironbark forest is found on rocky  ,  often auriferous ( gold-bearing )  ,  soils  ,  in flat and undulating landscapes at altitudes of 150-600 m above sea level  .
being on paid maternity leave is no grounds for denying a mortgage .
elizabeth bruenig joins opinions staff as writer and editor .
metro estimates it lost $5 . 5 million during the shutdown .
although he is a homicidal maniac  ,  vyvyan can be friendly and creative ; in one episode ( `` flood  )  ,  he made his own potion to change a person into an axe-wielding homicidal maniac  .
the breeding program ended up with 76 kittens in the first three years  ,  42 with folded ears  .
klaus ebner is a member of the austrian writers  associations grazer autorenversammlung ( gav ) and österreichischer schriftstellerverband ( ösv )  .
elsie ruth anderson ( born : 23 jun 1907 in rhode island ; died : 24 november 1989 in boston  ,  massachusetts ) was an american meteorologist and book writer  .
they protect the people .  they try a face recognition technology .
people filmed him ,  but no one could see the growth .  they filmed him only from some angles
this gigantism may have been due to higher atmospheric oxygen levels  ,  which allowed increased respiratory efficiency  .
it was the last of the three flash gordon serials by universal pictures  .
the county seat ( capital city ) is bay minette  .
he is in the jungle for 23 days .
this area of pakistan is very traditional .
hugh jackman ‘flips out’ off-camera after losing best actor to james franco .
martin kicked champion out of the band but later pleaded with him to return  ,  and because of his guilt  ,  went on a drinking binge  .
thirty-three people are in hospital .
chapala to make landfall in yemen as first hurricane-strength cyclone on record .
last day of school is shifted in maryland school system .
they might be as good as them in 2 or 3 years
florida state qb everett golson to miss saturday’s game vs .  syracuse .
an animation shows flights in europe .  one plane is represented by one white point .
criminal organizations and corrupt government officials have used drug trafficking as a way to make money  .
montgomery county police make arrest in killing of wheaton woman .
man fatally stabbed in alexandria .
the resin was thought to have kept out insects and slowed bacteria from feeding on the bodies  .
the plane was full ,  so she could not change her seat .
lexington-style barbecue is made with pork shoulder cooked slowly over a hardwood fire  ,  usually hickory wood  .
the poppy is the only species of papaveraceae that is an agricultural crop grown so much  .
many listeners were outraged by the song and its video  ,  calling it anti-christian  .
in ovoviviparous species the foetus is fed inside the female with special cells of the oviduct  ,  which are eaten by the foetus with special scraping teeth  .
the second bat goes and comes back after 5 minutes .
indian navy officer dies on new destroyer .
the moon was discovered using nine sets of images taken between 26 june and 9 july 2012 by wide field camera 3 of the hubble space telescope  .
she passed a high-school level qualification examination  ,  the college scholastic ability test  ,  and was accepted by the kyung hee university  ,  majoring in department of theater and film  .
topeka teens looking ahead to college .
after struggles ,  mystics center krystal thomas is having her happiest season .
police find him dead .  his body is in a nearby hotel
actor dan gerrity dies .
the state funeral was held on 15 december 2013 in qunu in the eastern cape  .
so ,  is it ever appropriate for a senator to meet with the russian ambassador ?  .
other short forms are tobi ( english  ,  germany ) and tobbe ( sweden )  .
methylene blue has been used in those not responsive to other measures because it may relax smooth muscle  .
however  ,  the single spent only two weeks in the uk top 75  ,  the least ever by any oasis single  .
metro contractor pressed to fix bridge over green line tracks in college park .
the more powerful entity in the suzerainty relationship  ,  or the head of state of that more powerful entity  ,  is called a suzerain  .
israel and turkey announce deal to repair relations after six-year split .
ex-redskins cb byron westbrook is hired as football coach at bladensburg .
the world is gearing up to the challenges of climate change -- .
the policeman shoots the driver five times .
they often were about what happened to a person  ,  owning something  ,  or a job  ,  hobby  ,  success or skill  .
police: man dies after being hit by one car ,  then a second in prince george’s county .
in 1943 got the very important job of conductor at the vienna state opera eventually becoming music director  .
the term gribble was originally used for the wood-boring species  ,  especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799  ,  limnoria lignorum  .
virginia man arrested and charged for using laser on police helicopter .
as foreign minister  ,  fischer apologised for the violence of his putzgruppe days  ,  from 1983 to 1985  ,  fischer was a member of the bundestag for the green party  .
this was directed by tim hope who won an mtv video music award for best art direction in 2002 for the video  .
he said facebook makes relationships stronger .  facebook started in 2004 .
on the night of august 9  ,  pottinger and a group of police surrounded the house of gardiner s mistress  ,  kate brown  .
for every 100 females there are 102 . 1 males  .
the first english ship  ,  the olive blossom  ,  came in 1624  .
before the 1830s  ,  allentown was a small town with only local markets  .
with a date established  ,  members of the congress turned to the choice of a host city  .
it is also quicker .
it also includes parts of castle hill  ,  north rocks  ,  northmead  ,  maraylya  ,  rouse hill and west pennant hills  .
in england ,  a pygmy hippo is born .
aaron hernandez pleads not guilty .
by season 5  ,  we see gabrielle reach an undisputed status as a warrior  ,  fighting with her sai  ,  incorporating more acrobatic ability  ,  even performing a wall run and back flip  .
komodo national park has been selected as one of 28 finalists to become one of the new7wonders of nature  .
there are 50% less marine animals in the world than in 1970 .
medawar was awarded his nobel prize in 1960 for work in tissue grafting  ,  which is the basis of organ transplants  .
woods died on july 1  ,  2010 from causes related to alzheimer s disease in canoga park  ,  los angeles  ,  california  .
however  ,  a late decision in 1961 saw the line cut back to walthamstow central station  .
cow gets stuck in the mud !  .
more than 400 homeless and at-risk families and individuals housed during d . c .  holiday campaign .
philip roth has quit writing fiction .  .
alexander island is the second largest uninhabited island in the world  ,  devon island is the largest  .
there is no limit to the number of ranks that may exist  ,  but the most important ranks are  ,  in hierarchical order : domain kingdom phylum or division class order family genus species subspecies note : `` phylum  applies formally to any biologial domain but traditionally it was always used of animals whereas `` division  was traditionally often used of plants  ,  fungi etc .   .
montreal exchange upgrades sola® derivative trading platform .
a social media user said: this is a really good idea .
it was nominated for grammy award for album of the year and won best rap album and best rap song for `` jesus walks  in 2005  .
boats move the drugs ,  too .  people take them on big planes ,  also
kate garry hudson ( born on april 19  ,  1979 ) is an american actress  ,  movie director  ,  screenwriter and producer  .
joe creighton to bring new orleans to australia .
while in prison  ,  nazrul wrote the `` rajbandir jabanbandi  ( `` deposition of a political prisoner  )  .
after  ,  they began developing their plan for a microfinance project that became kiva  .
car washed off flooded causeway near sarina .
montgomery county looks to mediator to resolve westbard cemetery dispute .
but from st .  louis to the junction of the ohio river  ,  the mississippi became wider and more shallow  ,  with more severe flooding  .
israeli forces kill palestinian in west bank .
the auditory part of the inner ear was well-developed  .
usually ,  people used animal bones for a statue’s teeth .
packers have reached deal to bring back backup qb matt flynn .
it gets on a city highway .  it shocks the drivers .
between 2004 and 2008  ,  he served as chairman of the party s internal committee for education policies ; he quit for disagreements over the government policy favoring private universities  .
he was the chief author of the 1941 victory program which advocated the defeat of the german armies in europe  .
working americans are using less health care ,  but spending more .
trump’s views are ‘full of hatred , ’ nobel peace prize winner malala yousafzai says .
the guitar player thile needed became chris eldridge  ,  famous as a member of the infamous stringdusters  .
a utility pole  ,  telegraph pole  ,  telephone pole  ,  power pole  ,  or telegraph post is a post or pole upon which telephone network equipment is situated  .
md .  police officer indicted after allegedly striking dirt bike driver with cruiser .
another 10 episodes later  ,  she displays immensely impressive skills with the staff  ,  taking on numerous soldiers single-handedly  ,  in the attempts to rescue xena s presumably dead body  .
two of six african teens missing after robotics competition found .
rules in chuvash wikipedia are not regarded as flexible in disputes as they are on the english project  .
the family must wait for help for hours .
suffolk county police officer caught stealing from motorists .
trump’s shifting reason for firing comey could cost him with hill leaders .
dillon s oldest son  ,  hiram price dillon ( 1855 - 1918 )  ,  also became a lawyer in iowa  ,  and a master of chancery in federal court  .
it is from germany in 1886 .  the message is from a german captain .
it is named for its linden ( lime in british english ) trees that line the grassed pedestrian mall in the middle of the road unter den linden runs east-west from the site of the former stadtschloss royal palace at the lustgarten park  ,  where the demolished palast der republik used to be  ,  to pariser platz and brandenburg gate  .
la varenne wrote a third book  ,  le pâtissier françois ( paris 1653 )  ,  which was the first comprehensive french work on pastry-making  .
a large  ,  bulky herbivore  ,  iguanodon is thought by some to be in the same family as the duck-billed hadrosaurs  .
supreme court says man must show inaccurate online information actually harmed him .
yearly precipitation changes from 500 to 900 mm ( 19 . 7 to 35 . 4 in ) depending on the region  .
the western subspecies has longer wings  ,  a longer beak  ,  shorter toes  ,  and is more lighter in color  .
ralph regula ,  congressman who helped protect public lands ,  dies at 92 .
if storm ruins d . c .  fireworks display ,  it wouldn’t mark the first time .
the amount of each part can be changed to change how fast the black powder burns  .
cameron says maria miller is doing excellent job .
it was used there around 1100 bc\/bce an early classic period ( 460-480 ad\/ce ) mayan grave from río azul  ,  guatemala  ,  had cups with the mayan words for cacao on them with traces of an old chocolate drink  .
once a niche is left open  ,  other organisms may  ,  or may not  ,  fill that position  .
the show starts at the perfect time .  it is the start of the celebrations of the year of the rooster
mets’ noah syndergaard could slide into this year’s cy young award race .
they may come to an end .  cambodia plans to bring back the train lines .  the bamboo trains are homemade .
after prime minister gough whitlam was dismissed he refused to sit for the traditional portrait which is done of australian prime ministers  .
lehman college awarded highest green building certification .
he had moved there with his family because his mother-in-law had a home in paradise  .
coral reefs are also found in the deep sea away from the continental shelves  ,  around oceanic islands and as atolls  .
jan crouch ,  emotive co-founder of trinity broadcasting network ,  dies at 78 .
florida officer fired and arrested after video shows him beating handcuffed woman .
norbert brainin ( march 12  ,  1923 - april 10 2005 ) was the first violinist of the amadeus quartet  ,  one of the world s most famous string quartets  .
this news is from england .  thieves drive into the doors of a factory .  they break the doors and get inside .
when the ball is finished  ,  the female lays eggs inside it  .
shola ameobi hints he could be forced to leave newcastle united .
with nicholas out of the way the duchy passed to his richard iii s younger brother robert  ,  who became the sixth duke of normandy as robert i .  in january of 1027 he was married to adela a younger daughter of robert ii of france and constance of arles  .
the airedale terrier ( often shortened to `` airedale  ) is a breed of the terrier type  ,  that first came from airedale  ,  a geographic area in yorkshire  ,  england  .
they will help egypts tourism business .
snowden wants to claim asylum in russia: .
fairfax school board hires firm to search for new superintendent .
it was first released as part of the add-on package microsoft plus  !
charles darwin wrote the first well-known book on carnivorous plants in 1875  .
the president of the united republic of tanzania is jakaya mrisho kikwete  .
judith jones ,  cookbook editor who brought julia child and others to the table ,  dies at 93 .
but if i’m not wild for you ,  we will need each other .
onetime civil rights lawyer to take over as university of missouri president .
icelands first lady eliza reid surprised people .
during wayne s childhood  ,  he moved to palmdale  ,  california then to glendale  ,  california  .
some human activities can produce brackish water  ,  mostly certain civil engineering projects such as dikes and the flooding of coastal marshland to produce brackish pools for freshwater prawns  .
every hedgehog is of a different kind .
david oaks himself was institutionalized and forcibly medicated in the 1970s  ,  while studying at harvard university  ,  for what was diagnosed as schizophrenia  .
in his book  ,  goethe shows how color is perceived in a variety of circumstances  ,  and considers isaac newton s observations to be special cases  .
joseph westphal confirmed as new us ambassador to saudi arabia .
it also boasted the usual array of saloons  ,  gambling halls  ,  and brothels : they were set up to separate a cowboy from his hard-earned cash  .
they also give the babies small pieces of meat .  bengal white tigers are very rare .  there are only 2 , 500 of them in the wild
model claims harvey weinstein masturbated in front of her ,  forced oral sex .
bernie sanders says he’s more electable than hillary clinton .  um ,  no .  .
she first appears in the second part of the trilogy  ,  the desolation of smaug  ,  which was released december 13  ,  2013  .
it measures three inches (7 .
carl r .  wagner ,  democratic political strategist ,  dies at 72 .
hutches have complex safety systems with redundant interlocking functions to make sure that no one is inside the hutch when the radiation is turned on  .
selfridges doubles dividend to owner .
why the firing of chicago’s police chief could hurt gun control efforts .
the name is esthechoc ,  from the words esthetic (meaning all things beautiful) and chocolate .
nasa has tested martian gardens .  they used volcanic dust .
amb continued as a distinct state within pakistan until 1969  ,  when it was merged into the former north-west frontier province  .
hard to beat broccoli .
josé antonio expósito pineiro ( born in águilas on may 2  ,  1978 ) is a paralympic athlete from spain  .
this happens for the first time
the outstanding debut award recognizes the work of writers  ,  directors and producers  .
washington spirit remains perfect in nwsl with 3-0 victory .
old world porcupines ( hystricidae ) have quills in clusters  ,  whereas in new world porcupines ( erethizontidae ) single quills are mixed with bristles  ,  underfur  ,  and hair  .
the name grey league is derived from the homespun gray clothes worn by the people  .
mickey rooney dies at 93 .
there are about 2 million new cases each year  .
leinart was later placed on injured reserve  ,  so warner was named the starter for the rest of the 2007 season  .
people think that there is a gas explosion .
the winner is a man from britain .  his name is andrew henderson .
above the crest or coronet hangs the knight or dame s heraldic banner  ,  showing the coat of arms  .
as jose made its landfall an eye was beginning to form  ,  although the storm was still short of hurricane strength  .
recent projects at the pyramid of the moon and the pyramid of the feathered serpent have greatly expanded evidence of cultural practices  .
was shown on thursday nights  ,  but as of september 9 2005  ,  the show moved to friday nights  .
christine keeler ,  key figure in 1960s british sex-and-spy scandal ,  dies at 75 .
the queen also comes to a meeting .
the issue is left deliberately ambiguous by the show s writers  .
the original spanish title refers to the mythological fauns of greek mythology  ,  while the english title refers specifically to the faun-like greek god pan ( intended to help english-speakers differentiate the title from the term fawn )  .
on august 17  ,  a hurricane warning was issued for corpus christi to morgan city  ,  louisiana and later for port arthur  ,  texas  .
deal to save troubled manassas mobile-home park takes shape .
on january 14  ,  2011  ,  he was forced to leave tunisia and go to saudi arabia with his wife leïla ben ali and their three children after a month of protests against his rule  .
cena also said who he believed deserved to be the number-one contender to the championship  .
every summer the chicago symphony orchestra plays in ravinia in highland park  ,  illinois the orchestra helped in the first ravinia festival in august 1936 and has been to the festival every summer since  .
a maine democratic party  ,  in 1964 he was elected to the u . s .  house  ,  and he served from 1965 until 1973  .
o’malley’s presidential campaign is perilously close to financial collapse .
the sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries  .
it is also possible to catch a passenger ferry from cowes on phillip island  .
george grenville ( 14 october 1712-13 november 1770 ) was prime minister of great britain  .
the waraynon group of languages consists of waray  ,  waray sorsogon and masbate sorsogon  .
stewart undergoes third surgery on leg .
this is something they may have dreamed of doing for many years .
in italy  ,  young commanded not just british officers but the 120 , 000 men of the entire italian police and had responsibility for all italian prisons  ,  fire brigades and civil defense  .
many factories were moved away  ,  and much of the government was too  ,  and from 20 october the city was declared to be under siege  .
people with edwards syndrome often have heart abnormalities  ,  kidney malformations  ,  and other internal organ disorders  .
they make these dresses out of toilet paper .
hildburghausen was not one of the duchies in the imperial circle  ,  altenburg was  ,  so by swapping his land the duke gained in social rank  ,  even though the holy roman empire no longer existed in 1868  ,  four districts were established in the duchy of saxe-meiningen  .
an incident happens in argentina’s waters .  there is a chinese ship .
mourinho tells abramovich: .
glee club co-captain rachel berry ( lea michele ) tries to take over for will  .
the airport is under one of the strictest ordinances in the united states on both airport noise and the number of commercial flights  .
the media shows islam in only a bad way .  she says that people should not get their information only from the media .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
kerry calls netanyahu after anti-us remarks .
after the producers were told about mistake  ,  both third place finisher van den berghe and fourth place finisher tom buchanan were awarded the $ 100 , 000 runner-up prize instead of the usual third and fourth place earnings  .
the figure depends on the number of very low-mass  ,  or dwarf stars  ,  which are hard to detect  ,  especially more than 300 light years from our sun  .
9  ,  for soloists  ,  choir  ,  organ and orchestra  .
potato chip lovers are calling it a chipocalypse .
these sizes are much smaller than the size of the atom itself by a factor of about 23 , 000 ( uranium ) to about 145 , 000 ( hydrogen )  .
about 30 passengers had burns .
purcell s te deum and jubilate was written for saint cecilia s day  ,  1693  ,  the first english te deum ever composed with orchestral accompaniment  .
after daybreak on 23 january  ,  there were no landings except for air drops of ammunition and food  .
they are not finished .
fbi to complete handover of clinton probe emails to state dept .  by aug .  5 .
in 1856  ,  the state legislature allowed to build a methodist college  ,  the east alabama male college in auburn  .
it is near stonehenge .  it is is 4 , 000 years old .
now she has no way home today .
the grays left for the night and neighbors heard the sounds of a struggle  .
fairfax county sheriff’s office identifies deputy involved in fatal shooting outside hospital .
the man carried out one of the largest and most dangerous illegal robocalling campaigns .
this is good for your body .
with the new train ,  the journey can take 40 minutes
syrian peace talks are suspended before they even really began .
mercury is made of about 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material  .
turkey’s utopia has a wish machine .
cork oaks are sometimes planted as individual trees  .
this mountain range is made up of ancient ( 1 , 500 million year-old ) precambrian and palaeozoic rocks  .
riding the bus with education secretary john king .
it is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar nearly 80 km ( 50 mi ) to the east  .
fox news apologizes for falsely reporting that clinton faces indictment .
aap should work in the purview of the constitution: .
pyrih ( pirog ) is usually made from yeast-raised dough  ,  but can also be made from shortcrust or puff pastry  .
there are various kinds of alternative splicing : the most common is exon skipping  .
it was the sixth time overall ( including one win in the predecessor tournament  ,  the european competition for representative women s teams ) that they won  .
black pudding is from scotland .  it is made of pig’s blood and fat .
debbie wasserman schultz ( born september 27  ,  1966 ) is the u . s .  representative for florida s 20th congressional district since 2005  .
yahoo shuts down email service in china .
the square was also the scene of a large gathering after the terrorist bombings in london on 7 july 2005  .
in western gujarat  ,  including kathiawar and kutch  ,  the weakening mughal control allowed lots of local rulers to become independent  .
it was released on june 1  ,  2004  .
the protestors are water protectors .
they do not wait to open their christmas presents .
the library occupies a group of five buildings near broad street in central oxford : the oldest is the late medieval duke humfrey s library and the newest the new bodleian of the 1930s  .
joyful noise was released in the united states on january 13  ,  2012  .
no wonder that young people start thinking about outsourcing their complex tasks to someone who is an expert in their field of study to save time and improve their performance in college .
she is also considered a manifestation of sarasvati and sometimes identified with the bodhisattva tara  .
kane and his cousin were charged with second-degree robbery  ,  fourth-degree criminal mischief  ,  and theft of services  .
the rhön mountains are a group of low mountains in central germany  ,  in the states hesse  ,  bavaria and thuringia  .
maryland will not forward voter data to trump’s voter integrity commission .
it is a comic book – there are pictures in it .  the book tells a story .
jordan’s king abdullah ii and queen rania watched their eldest graduate from georgetown .
as he wiped the bone clean  ,  he suddenly realized it was not from a sauropod  ,  but from an unidentifiable theropod about the size of albertosaurus  .
herring schools have very precise arrangements which allow the school to maintain relatively constant cruising speeds  .
the caterpillar will reach a length of 5 centimeters ( 2 inches )  .
in 5 months ,  jessie finds £1 million in smuggled cash .
train in deadly 2015 amtrak derailment had safety equipment that could have prevented it .
roger was the son of hugh de montgomery and his wife josceline  .
director of national intelligence james clapper to discuss national security at the washington post .
he goes to prison
the election was run by the global automotive elections foundation  .
earth hour is a campaign .
swastika graffiti reported at university of maryland .
pope innocent iii ( latin : innocentius tertius ; 1160 or 1161 - 16 july 1216 ) was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 177th pope from 1198 until his death in 1216  .
trump picks retired marine gen .  james mattis for secretary of defense .
she then opened the front door to let the others in  ,  and they stole a number of photographs  .
police chief resigns after fatally shooting ‘loose’ pitbull mix at firing range .
three people are in critical condition
henry allingham ( born london  ,  6 june 1896 - 18 july 2009 ) was a british supercentenarian and a first world war veteran  .
they may also surround their arms with the design of the circlet ( a circle bearing the motto ) and the collar  .
his son william lakin turner ( 1867-1929 ) also became a famous landscape oil painter  .
you can read jokes in three levels .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
cryptographic protocols are widely used for secure application-level data transport  ,  in order to secure transferred messages  .
eldar ryazanov ,  celebrated satiric russian filmmaker ,  dies at 88 .
in 1938  ,  he was elected to the all-southland junior college team for baseball  .
in the figure  ,  one end of the ruler is marked with a yellow eye with crosshairs : this is the origin of the scale division on the ruler  .
in 1999  ,  a changed version of invisible monsters  ,  and his fourth novel  ,  survivor  ,  were published  .
seven days of the oral fluoroquinolone ciprofloxacin is typically used in geographic areas where the resistance rate is less than 10 %  .
lebanon’s hasbani calls for clarity of u . s .  middle east policy .
it was set on december 16  ,  2001 when atlético paranaense beat são caetano 4-2  ,  on the first game of that year s brazilian championship finals  .
this makes the argument invalid  .
master plan begins forming implementation task groups .
ridgway s most recent solo cd is `` snakebite - blacktop ballads and fugitive songs  ( 2005 ) which featured the amazing song talkin  wall of voodoo blues  .
kcpq shares its studio and office facilities with sister station kzjo ( channel 22  ,  the area s mynetworktv affiliate ) on the west shore of lake union in seattle s westlake neighborhood  ,  and its transmitter is located on gold mountain in bremerton  ,  washington  .
she dropped the first names lily mary shortly after she was married and changed her name to marelle  .
he feels bad about this .
they say that the ice rink is terrible .  they boycott the park .
it is in the far north-east of the state  ,  next the border with queensland and the tasman sea  .
jordan reed eager to reward redskins for five-year ,  $50 million extension .
the clouds look like ufos .
suspected dui driver slams car into garage in national city .
enrique iglesias & anna kournikova welcome twins !  .
kennedy center announces notable 2017-2018 classical season .
our domestic economy is slowly but steadily improving .
the blonde doesn’t want to play ,  so the lawyer says to her ,  if i can’t answer your question ,  i will give you 50 dollars .
the scientists do not want to use dogs in hospitals .
that night stallone went home  ,  and in three days he had written the script for rocky  .
cache coherence or cache coherency refers to a number of ways to make sure all the caches of the resource have the same data  ,  and that the data in the caches makes sense ( called data integrity )  .
zookeeper in southwest missouri killed by elephant .
guy berryman recorded the bass and then guitarist jonny buckland added the guitar section  .
in the next chapter  ,  `` the flaw in the plan   ,  it is established that harry  ,  not voldemort  ,  became the elder wand s true master  .
people hate telephone calls from companies trying to sell things .
for the 2000-01 season joined hc sparta praha in the czech republic  .
improved weather conditions permitted air attacks on german forces  ,  which led to the failure of the attack  .
the company wants to sell more houses .  it has a new advertising campaign .  a part of this campaign is a house .
broomhill is a suburb of western sheffield  ,  england  .
rhee was a strong anti-communist  ,  and led south korea through the korean war  .
the work of henri braconnot in 1777 and the work of christian schönbein in 1846 led to the discovery of nitrocellulose  .
english legal history and the right to carry arms .
severe storm kills two people in louisiana .
what was right ,  was to love the flower for her beauty and smell .
nato secretary general hits back at trump ,  saying organization is not ‘obsolete’ .
here ,  at last ,  is the nats jayson werth bobblehead .
there may be about 150 babies born each year using this technique .  the technique is simple .
nicole was one of the four along with gyuri  ,  seungyeon  ,  and sunghee  .
powderfinger is a rock band from brisbane  ,  australia  .
retired d . c .  officer fatally shoots son during domestic dispute ,  police say .
a newspaper has said that a third of the worlds top athletes at the 2011 world athletics championships cheated .
gardiner man charged in stabbings .
prunk was born in the small village of loka pri zidanem mostu near the town of sevnica in central slovenia  ,  in what was then the german-occupied lower styria  .
she plans to complete her father s work by activating the bomb and destroying gotham  ,  but gordon blocks her signal  ,  which makes the remote of detonation useless  .
joe principe ( born november 14  ,  1974 ) is the bass guitarist  ,  co-composer and co-founder of the punk rock band rise against  .
tsunami warning system or tws detects tsunamis and issues warnings to prevent loss of life and property  .
the common law included the offence of being a common scold  .
guy carbonneau ( born march 18  ,  1960 ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey player in the national hockey league ( nhl ) and the former head coach of the montreal canadiens from 2006 until being fired on march 9  ,  2009  .
it continued to strengthen as it moved through the bahamas and early on october 5  ,  it became a well-organized tropical disturbance off the coast of eastern florida  .
in malta ,  people hold gostra festival .
va .  bills seek to weaken land-use tool behind new roads ,  parks and schools .
marshalls slowed him down as he approached the scene of the accident traveling at `` pretty much full speed   .
bill cunningham ,  photographer of new york street fashion ,  dies at 87 .
a 3-year-old climbed into the washing machine and died .  then ,  her mother was arrested .  .
where the refugees in your state came from in 2015 .
people are thanking the prisoners for saving the guard’s life
the following is a list of the 514 communes of the seine-et-marne département  ,  in france  .
how do you play roulette machines .
it started many years ago .  it is a ritual to stop a bad illness .
irene bergman ,  longest-working woman on wall street ,  dies at 101 .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
she is too heavy .  she must travel in a bed .
richard david briers  ,  cbe ( 14 january 1934 - 17 february 2013 ) was an english actor whose career has contained theater  ,  television  ,  film and radio  .
the site of old scone is mostly in the grounds of the modern palace  .
people hear the leopard .  they come to the well .
.
it borders onto the areas of inverclyde to the north  ,  renfrewshire to the north east  ,  and east ayrshire  ,  and south ayrshire to the east and south respectively  .
the protest is a little unusual .  the farmers bring their sheep under the eiffel tower .
if the federal president dies or is removed from office the president of the bundestag will act as president until a new president is elected  ,  which must be within thirty days  .
at 18 years of age he was awarded for his braveness by president truman in a white house with the medal of honor  .
laurentian autoroute closed because of burning truck .
edgar davids considering retirement .
the winds blow at speeds of 322 kilometres per hour .  the storm destroys houses ,  trees and power lines .
it is also the highest volcano in ecuador .
austrian chancellor resigns amid tensions over migrant crisis .
but the yankees  pinstripes ( on their home uniforms ) have become a symbol of the yankees  .
these forecasts were widely-acclaimed for their simplicity  ,  winning an award from the royal television society  .
2015 land rover freelander introduced .
the bulldogs returned to stampede wrestling and won the international tag team titles after leaving the wwf  .
thanks to these claws ,  sloths can move in the trees .
this new dome grew throughout 2005 and into 2006  .
parents ,  students brawl in the stands after ohio high school basketball game .
he was very interested in john franklin s coppermine expedition of 1819-1822  .
despite safety recall gm cars are being sold on craigslist .
he was the disciple of tilopa and also brother and pupil of niguma  .
based on that tear alone  ,  he is sincerely convinced that adina loves him  .
the song  ,  a reworking of his 1959 hit  ,  reached the top of the uk charts  .
the steelers’ defense is no ‘steel curtain , ’ but pittsburgh is more than just its offense .
biden won’t rule out 2020 presidential run .
a divisor of n that is not 1  ,  -1  ,  n or - n is known as a non-trivial divisor ; numbers with non-trivial divisors are known as composite numbers  ,  while prime numbers have no non-trivial divisors  .
in response  ,  business owners  ,  particularly henry j .  heinz  ,  pursued a different recipe that did not use that preservative  .
the city of kayseri consists of the following metropolitan districts :
dreamworks was soon absorbed by the universal music group  ,  and rise against found itself with geffen records instead  .
the last words that goodish said to atlas were `` tell my little son i love him  ,  and tell my wife i love her  ,  too  .
she is healthy .  she suddenly dies .
one day ,  she finds £350 , 000 .  her handler calls her a ‘wonder dog’
it takes nine weeks to fix the mask .
vaccine skeptic robert kennedy jr .  says trump asked him to lead commission on ‘vaccine safety’ .
a toddler is scared of everything .  should his parents be scared of that ?  .
two chimps live at a university .  the university is in new york in the usa .  the chimps help people study .
it now contains more than twenty million volumes  .
a study looked at the link between eating disorders among models and pressure from modeling agencies .
there are currently 4 genera and 36 species included in the deomyinae  .
towards the end of the session  ,  harrison spent an hour re-recording his acoustic guitar part  .
metra hoping to jump on the ventra bandwagon by august .
fred cherry ,  vietnam pow for seven years ,  dies at 87 .
their size ranges from 100 µm to about 1 mm  .
in this final journey  ,  two heroes return to finish the fight : tahu  ,  returned to his original form to wear the powerful golden armor  ,  and takanuva  .
the azerbaijani armed forces ( azerbaijani : azərbaycan silahlı qüvvələri ) is the military of the republic of azerbaijan  .
a lot of non-native snakes have been released in the wild  .
linkinhorne is a parish and village in southeast cornwall  ,  united kingdom  .
construction workers injured in fall from west des moines home .
for example  ,  the provinces of bithynia and galatia  ,  were made part of the empire in just this way  .
when they get near washington  ,  eugene tells the group that he was actually a high school science teacher and has no contact with the government  .
jonathan aberman: when it comes to dysfunction in congress ,  we have met the enemy and he is some of us .  .
signs of inflammation in mans prostate biopsy may indicate reduced risk .
sales rose to # 31 . 3 m  ,  compared with # 19 . 3 m the year before  .
the website has lists of cemeteries and graves from all around the world  .
the plague doctor s costume was the clothes worn by a plague doctor to protect him from diseases spread through the air  .
they hold an early chinese new year celebration .
50 euros to 1 .
u .
he took the first of his 22 victories at the 1993 hungarian grand prix for the williams team the following year  .
these zones contract to form weather fronts as the circulation of the cyclone closes and gets more intense  .
many children do not go to school .
it travels in small flocks of about six to twelve individuals through lowland rainforests  .
four men fly over manhattan .
it was launched on 23 october 1953 and is among the first commercial television networks in asia  .
red █ █ and `` raw  indicates a raw wrestler  ,  blue █ █ and `` sd  indicates a smackdown wrestler and gold █ █ and `` fa  indicates a free agent entrant  .
there are no male tigers .  zookeepers put her with a male lion .  she has a baby .
another last-ditch effort to tackle obamacare stalls within hours of its release .
maybe they swam to land .  people are looking for the ferry ,  too .
referred to as `` the father of pathology  ,   he is considered one of the founders of social medicine  .
chimpanzees live longer in captivity than they do in the wild .
tennessee football players will honor pat summitt this season .
this was eventually proved by barry mazur and andrew wiles for q  ,  and for all totally real number fields by andrew wiles  .
when a business buys from another business  ,  it is called business-to-business ( b2b ) online shopping  .
the spine of the cotswolds runs southwest to northeast through six counties  ,  particularly gloucestershire  ,  oxfordshire  ,  and southern warwickshire  .
was the russian national anthem in tchaikovsky s time  .
the couple says yes .
trump’s claim taking credit for cutting $600 million from the f-35 program .
loose material on top ( known as drift ) can be extremely thick  ,  so that the bedrock lies hundreds of meters below the surface  .
a few of the people are badly injured .  they go to hospital .
up to 6 , 000 people cancelling health insurance monthly .
maryland man found guilty of first-degree murder of government witness .
another very important person at the congress was charles maurice de talleyrand  .
hillary clinton on ‘superpredator’ remarks: ‘i shouldn’t have used those words’ .
he studied the magnetic properties of the sun and solar wind and how they affect weather on the earth  .
dartmouth researchers develop unique approach to treat chronic lymphocytic leukemia .
on 17 november 17 2001  ,  four days after entering a nursing home  ,  crane died of natural causes  .
in tukey ,  almost 200 people die and over 1000 are injured .
when a woman experiences a painful sexual act  ,  the pain may distract her from feeling pleasure and excitement  .
phylogenetic studies have shown that cycadaceae is the sister-group to all other extant cycads  .
he lived near a mine and they decided to ride a cart down the slope  .
she will use her money to help other animals
some people agree with him .
they are healthy .
chess to be introduced in schools .
the fire is bigger than new york .  it already burnt 283 , 800 acres of land or more
the east punjab where most people were sikh and hindu became part of the new nation of india while the mainly muslim west punjab became part of the new nation of pakistan  .
the syrians want to get to western europe .  a group of migrants walk from hungary to austria .
wales star jonathan davies has joined clermont auvergne .
the institute of jewish studies in nanjing  ,  china has a connection with the department of religious studies at nanjing university  .
a wheelwright is someone who builds or repairs wheels  .
it is a part of the lesser antilles  ,  and it is north of the islands of saint vincent and the grenadines and south of martinique  .
disability advocates arrested during health care protest at mcconnell’s office .
driver may have run over man in act of self-defense ,  police say .
marine corps investigating photo of iconic flag-raising on iwo jima .
anses receives 106 , 000 applications to enter progresar program .
it is in the pacific ocean .
small fire breaks out at orlando airport .
the president of the national assembly at the time of the tennis court oath  ,  jean-sylvain bailly  ,  became mayor of the city  .
fraser was born in indianapolis  ,  indiana  ,  and is the son of canadian parents carol and peter fraser who used to work for the canadian government in indiana  .
working with varmus in the 1980s  ,  he discovered the first human oncogene  ,  c-src  .
they build tunnels .  police find their tunnels .
african art museum director cole will retire in march .
di resta also entered some races of eurocup formula renault 2 . 0 with the manor team  .
sonata arctica is a finnish power metal band founded in 1996 in kemi  .
the term eastern bloc referred to the former communist states of eastern and central europe  ,  including the countries of the warsaw pact  ,  along with yugoslavia and albania  ,  which were not aligned with the soviet union after 1948 and 1960 respectively  .
eu court rules against sanctions on seven iranian companies .
lipscomb s later research was on the atomic structure of proteins  .
they are fine .
its three-fingered forelimbs were smaller than its large hind legs  ,  and the body was balanced by a long  ,  heavy tail  .
rc4 is known for being simple and quick  ,  but attacks are likely to happen when the start of the output keystream is not removed  ,  or one keystream is used twice ; some ways of using rc4 can turn into very insecure cryptosystems such as wep  .
his speech makes the usa and the eu worried
forestle meanwhile also provides several browser plugins  ,  can be added to igoogle and can be used in english and german ( full versions ) as well as in spanish and dutch ( details partially in english )  .
thousands of egyptian doctors protest police abuse .
glendale is home to the arrowhead towne center mall in the northwest part of the city  .
after telling his family  ,  homer and bart head to the center of town  ,  where they are met by angry people of springfield  .
scientists are studying gibbons in the mountains in china .
she is the only child of rosellen greenfield and arthur gellar  .
i think that no people are around me .
if you’re shopping for original gifts ,  these holiday markets are where to find them .
jj redick to come off the bench: .
he is a national hero now
these include the anura ( frogs and toads )  ,  caudata ( salamanders and newts ) and gymnophiona ( caecilians )  .
as a senior in 1994  ,  mcnair had nearly 6 , 000 yards rushing and passing  ,  with 53 touchdowns and was named an all-american  .
member of the research centre economies  ,  societies  ,  cultures  ,  his research focuses on the history of cultural policies  ,  the history of cities and equipment  .
he uses catchphrase humor  ,  including `` git-r-done  ,   `` lord  ,  i apologize  ,  and me with the starvin  pygmies down there in new guinea  .
they are scared of the animal .
commentary symposium regarding threats to free speech .
newman has been nominated for 20 academy awards  ,  winning only two of them  .
in 1820 a new church was built and the following year the first synagogue opened  .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
for ryan coogler ,  ‘black panther’ is about the big picture .
a new super-fortified and booby-trapped estate near atlanta for $14 . 7 million .
they will try to find some of the monsters dna .
european court upholds eu sanctions on assads sister .
they are special .
the dominican city of hato mayor del rey  ,  or usually just hato mayor  ,  is the head municipality of the hato mayor province  .
in ( 1912 he joined kiev university where he was taught by vladimir puchalsky  ,  sergei tarnowsky  ,  and felix blumenfeld  .
mark hayes recently wrote his own version of te deum  ,  and british composer john rutter has composed two  ,  one of them is just titled the traditional `` te deum  ,   the other `` winchester te deum  .
there were reports that a galatasaray fan had run to a nearby phone box to call for help when he saw leeds fans coming into the area  .
stanley died in an car accident in queensland  ,  australia on march 13  ,  2011  .
liuzzi had raced part time for red bull racing in 2005  ,  while speed entered f1 following the red bull driver search in the united states  .
china said north korea must keep its promises to stop nuclear testing .
opened in 1941  ,  it is one of the most significant memorials of its type in the world  .
california’s wildflower super bloom is so prolific you can see it from space .
customers are sure to get a great paper from any one of the professional writers on this site .
the wild is a computer-animated movie directed by steve williams  ,  produced by clint goldman  ,  assistant produced by john burton and c . o . r . e .  feature animation  ,  and released by walt disney pictures on april 14  ,  2006 in the united states  .
it is possible to represent rotation with elements of the unit circle in the complex plane  .
webster also said  ,  `` this government  .  .  .  is the independent offspring of the popular will  .
it is thinner ,  lighter ,  and it has a fingerprint reader .
it could remain a problem for another ten years .
madonna is the biggest woman singer .
they try to find this person .
she had `` such a charm  ,  even before the camera  ,  she was just like a little sweetheart  ,   he said  .
after the french conquest of her domains in italy  ,  she spent her life in austria and left the rule to administrators  .
he became printer and editor with that newspaper  ,  and later its owner  .
this is a feature unique to caecilians  ,  but absent in the related family rhinatrematidae  .
the mirror on the back wall reflects the upper bodies and heads of the king philip iv ( 10 ) and his queen  ,  mariana ( 11 )  .
delhi is upset because it thinks the noodles are unsafe .
the first industrial process for making cheap steel was the bessemer process  ,  followed by siemens-martin open-hearth process  .
he is archbishop of tokyo  .
men should finish what mother nature has started .
rod rosenstein must fix the comey mess ,  democratic attorneys general say .
‘noise’ heard on russian flight’s data recorder ,  egyptian official says .
tim burton ( born august 25  ,  1958 ) is an american movie director producer screenwriter and artist  .
new elections project developed by the mit media lab will unlock social media data to track voter perceptions with $648 , 000 from knight foundation .
reviewers thought sense and sensibility and pride and prejudice were stories of virtue overcoming vice  .
roger goodell reportedly made $34 . 1 million in 2014 .
as an example of the language issues maher found objectionable : in 1994  ,  she pointed out that britain s national health service published a definition of the term `` bed  that used 229 words  .
through private meetings with dumbledore  ,  harry learns about lord voldemort s orphaned youth  ,  his rise to power  ,  and how he splintered his soul into horcruxes to achieve immortality  .
tillerson: ‘communication channels remain open’ for north korea .
in south london ,  there is a 200-year-old building .
finnix requires at least 32mib ram to run properly  ,  but can use more if present  .
the fire burns nearly 160 , 000 acres of land .  people bring it under control on november 30th
negative chemical ionization in negative chemical ionization ( nci ) the reagent gas decreases the impact of the free electrons on the target analyte  .
a selfie is a picture of you .  some people use a selfie stick .
the pagerank algorithm instead analyses human-generated links  ,  assuming that web pages linked from many important pages are themselves likely to be important  .
there is a ferry service to falmouth  ,  which is less than a mile away by boat  ,  but about 30 miles away by road  .
the washington post launches how-to video series for practical life skills .
no humans will work there .
fossils of dicraeosaurus have been found in the rocks of tendaguru hill in tanzania  .
the college board accuplacer test is a placement test on the computer that tests students on their reading  ,  writing  ,  and math skills  .
pokémon are used as error handlers by game developer game freak ; they appear when the game tries to access data for a pokémon species that does not exist  .
but even from there he wrote poems supporting belarus fighting against nazi germany  .
the series takes place in the year 2517  ,  on several planets and moons  .
people also call it freerunning .
the washington post launches made by history .
certain groups  ,  for example  ,  native americans using the yuki language in california and the pamean languages in mexico  ,  also use an octal numbering system  .
aid teams in haiti struggle to reach regions slammed by hurricane matthew .
fir against beni prasad verma for calling narendra modi biggest goonda of rss .
people show her his photo .  she goes to meet him .
most people think that this is a joke ,  but one person calls the police .
king s college is one of the colleges of the university of cambridge  ,  england  .
houston county jumps to early lead to beat evans .
commissioned by lars-eric lindblad  ,  the swedish-american pioneer of exotic expedition tours  ,  the explorer was built in 1969 at nystads varv shipyard in uusikaupunki  ,  finland  .
the latest stable version is mandriva linux 2009 ( 2009 . 0 )  ,  released on 2008-10-09  .
in the wild ,  there are fewer than 40 , 000 elephants .
interim budget does not inspire confidence: .
like duke  ,  these `` boss  enemies have a wide range of weapons and equipment ( some weaker enemies have jet packs )  .
if you see a baobab too late ,  you will never be able to destroy it .
constant high winds occurred along coast  ,  reaching 44 miles per hour ( 71 km\/h ) at frisco  .
natural gas rises on forecasts for cooler spring weather .
valerie letourneau’s eye must be seen to be believed after ufc 193 .
seasonal pantry and its supper club dinners are coming to an end in april .
tight end alex smith ‘ecstatic’ about reuniting with jay gruden in washington .
although the law in this matter has since changed  ,  the australian government has not taken any action against hutt river since the declaration  .
from 1830 onward his books gave him both income and fame  .
it is pithus  ,  the man who escaped the creatures at the beginning of the film  .
in 1898  ,  stresemann left the university of berlin  ,  and went to the university of leipzig so that he could study for a doctorate  .
kansas city s offense led the afl in points scored ( 448 ) and total rushing yards ( 2 , 274 )  .
this means that you can never miss a moment .
yunus and his friends started the gram sarkar ( the village government ) program to make the farm project better  .
an organisation saves an orangutan .  it finds her in the jungle in indonesia .
d . c .  dmv’s online ticket payment system is down because of a technical glitch .
on january 3  ,  2004  ,  spears married her childhood friend jason allen alexander in las vegas  ,  nevada  .
todays teenagers take longer to do things their parents did ,  like dating ,  working ,  driving ,  and renting their own room .
hummingbirds are small birds of the family trochilidae  .
as with other ankylosaurians  ,  minmi was herbivorous unlike most herbivorous dinosaurs  ,  there is direct evidence of the diet of minmi : gut contents are known from the well-preserved nearly complete specimen  .
there is fire everywhere .
when you get four tickets ,  you will get a bicycle .
brushing the teeth  ,  flossing  ,  undergoing dental work  ,  or eating crunchy foods such as potato crisps relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission  ,  because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth  .
mark duggan was lawfully killed by police marksman .
four-hour flight turns into 30-hour nightmare for delta passengers .
in the eyelids  ,  meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears  .
the teams compete in the western athletic conference ( wac ) at the ncaa division i level  .
vince agreed but insisted that wcw would eventually meet its demise when all was said and done  .
glow fuel is mostly made of methanol  ,  nitromethane and oil  .
eventually the red giant will lose its outer layers of gas  ,  which will become a planetary nebula  ,  while the inside of the star ( also known as the core ) will cool and shrink into a small  ,  very heavy white dwarf  .
many things for women cost twice as much as those for men .
this work was completed using the cosmic background explorer satellite ( cobe )  .
moldova first took part at the olympic games as an independent nation in 1994  .
yet around the 3rd century ad  ,  the chinese were referring to saffron as having a kashmiri provenance  .
this page shows how notability is used for music  ,  including artists and bands  ,  albums  ,  and songs  .
even with these changes  ,  the main feature of the track remained its long 1 . 5 km ( 0 . 93 mi ) straight  ,  one of the longest in all of motorsports  .
he is proudly named after thomas hopkins gallaudet  ,  who in 1817 established the first free american school for the deaf and hearing-impaired  .
during that year he fell ill with ulcerative colitis  ,  a form of inflammatory bowel disease  .
after forming pectoralz  ,  guy berryman joined the group as a bassist and they changed their name to starfish  .
sicard asked gallaudet to go to paris to study the school s ways of teaching the deaf  .
franz lehár ( born 30 april 1870 ; died 24 october 1948 ) was an austrian composer of hungarian descent  .
morgan demanded from $ 600 to $ 700 from each mill and shop owner ; otherwise their buildings would be burned  .
more than 130 international flights leave norman manley international airport each week  .
skull bossing is when the bones of the skull become bigger than normal which most often occurs in the frontal bones beneath the forehead  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
they support ahmed .  barack obama invites him to the white house
trace adkins performs in citrus heights aug .  29 .
china’s zte to plead guilty ,  settle with u . s .  over iran ,  north korea sales .
he began his career in pornographic movies in 2005  .
one year later she agreed to become the first labor candidate for the presidency and the first woman candidate in what was only the second presidential election to be contested by three candidates since 1945  .
it includes baulkham hills  ,  beaumont hills  ,  bella vista  ,  box hill  ,  kellyville  ,  nelson and winston hills  .
las vegas offers needle exchange program through vending machines .
the study found that genes made children dislike greens .
blythedale claimants hear how government messed up .
this calculator is here .
the event began in 2009  ,  replacing no mercy in the early october slot of wwe s ppv calendar  .
it was discovered in 1881 during british rule by a tenant of mian an-wan-udin  ,  a police inspector  .
voting rights advocates fear trump’s unfounded fraud claims will lead to more restrictive laws .
on climate ,  it is not your fault if you don’t act responsibly .
residents of woodbridge street asked to stay inside during unknown situation .
they are healthy .
in all cases  ,  as the size of the system being studied grows  ,  the computer time and other resources ( such as memory and disk space ) used also grows  .
a common form involves hearing one or more voices talking  .
joy browne ,  radio psychologist who counseled and cheered millions ,  dies at 71 .
virginia state police investigate fatal shooting by deputies in culpeper county .
mulberries are fast-growing when young  ,  but soon become slow-growing and rarely grow over 10-15 meters tall  .
they are a woman and her two sons .
21st century fox ,  nbcuniversal and the walt disney company to maintain ownership positions in hulu .
this form of administration has the advantage of selective deposition in the lungs with less systemic side effects  .
watch texas qb shane buechele hit a guy on a jet ski with a deep pass .
the window cleaners are happy ,  too .
britain should tell parents what else they can do
bulls are not the only danger .
however ,  the leopard does not like this .  in the end ,  they save the leopard .
facebook to stop allowing racially targeted ads for housing ,  employment ,  credit .
health insurance enrollment deadline extended till monday .
the further back up the phylogenetic tree a particular conserved sequence occurs  ,  the more highly conserved it is  .
when the william street building was opened on a grand scale in august 1837  ,  after the great fire of new york  ,  new yorkers were told that the columns by the entrance had been imported from the ruins of pompeii  .
it is just interested in sudan s resources  .
satoru iwata will not resign from nintendo .
trump’s secretary of state nominee reveals personal wealth of up to $400 million .
housing recovery may be running out of steam .
that new parliament  ,  called dáil éireann ( meaning `` assembly of ireland  ) met in the mansion house  ,  dublin in january 1919  ,  although de valera and leading sinn féin mps had been arrested  .
the worlds most common banana ,  the cavendish ,  could die .
on 7 december 2005  ,  it was announced that de jong did not want to stay with ajax  .
he immediately arranged for it to be printed by hopwood and crew in london  ,  with bracken s blessing  .
mickie laree james ( born august 31  ,  1979 ) is an american professional wrestler  .
cross-border shelling between india and pakistan escalates sharply; at least 20 dead .
people trapped after crash between car and truck .
four orcas are in the far east of russia .  four orcas are in the far east of russia .
while all articles in wikipedia are derivative works based on the first contribution made to the article  ,  each article must be licensed under the gfdl  .
but the whole thing turns out a scam since all doug really wanted to do all this time was escape  .
the one tax break that hillary clinton and donald trump agree on .
dhoni is a right-handed batsman  .
after the death of sir robert montgomery  ,  henry inherited the montgomery ancestral estate of new park at moville  ,  a town on the inishowen peninsula of north county donegal in the west of ulster  .
vicari has always been a figurative artist working in oil  .
similar to italian piazzas  ,  plazas are still a center of community life  ,  like the market-place  .
it has so far spent a total of 24 weeks in the french singles chart  ,  the most ever by any oasis single  .
immigration talks founder after white house rejects deal and trump insults foreign countries .
carbon monoxide leak causes illness at church in prince george’s .
junior murray to launch cricket academy in grenada .
there are no real surprises .
it is one of the largest known stars  ,  and one of the most luminous of its type  .
it passes over the rio di palazzo and connects the old prisons to the interrogation rooms in the doge s palace  .
it will go over the whole planet .
the ceremony is in madrid .  he is there with his son cristiano junior
how to remove black mold from concrete .
dsu has campuses in wilmington  ,  delaware and georgetown  ,  delaware  .
in that capacity  ,  he served as a `` sherpa  ( personal representative ) for chancellor helmut kohl  ,  preparing g7  .
colbert was a stickler for perfection regarding the way she appeared on screen  .
the science behind that strange viral video of a clam digging through sand .
fact-checking donald trump’s acceptance speech at the 2016 rnc .
the health 202: azar makes his first obamacare move .
opponents of gerrymandering keep winning ,  but it might not affect 2018 .
two d . c .  council members propose overhaul for paid-leave law .
they found them in jordan .
they were delayed by 20 minutes and the smoke that should have hidden their attack had lifted  .
d . c .  police report arrest of person of interest in fatal shooting of teenager .
a commuter train crashes with a high-speed train .
this news is from a zoo in poland .  a baby cuscus bear is born there .
she sang lennon s `` in my life  a cappella ( with out any instruments )  .
people from spain are not alone at this festival .
wizards’ bradley beal sits against pelicans with right leg injury; status against mavericks unknown .
montgomery middle schoolers to learn to use technology responsibly ,  safely .
it designed to prevent swamping of the senate s power in the case of a joint sitting ( see section 57 below )  .
commonly known as moulds  ,  they are among the main causes of food spoilage  .
alexandria man charged in 2015 homicide .
otunga successfully defended his spot in the group when he defeated edge in a lumberjack match  ,  after an interference from kane  .
when they see her head ,  they are really happy .
fidelity owes gold producers us$50 million .
he set the record for career wins at tech at 165 career coaching wins including a 31-game winning streak from 1951-1953  .
about that moment when donald trump called hillary clinton a bigot .
someone films the streets when the earthquakes hit .  people are scared .
target lays off about 150 of its twin cities corporate employees .
court ruling paves way for purple line construction to begin .
frost and her first husband gary kemp starred together in the 1990s film the krays  .
his epitaph on his gravestone reads : `` here lies lord berners one of life s learners his great love of learning may earn him a burning thanks be to the lord he never was bored   .
this was team india s first a1gp win  .
firearm injuries in the us cost more than $16 billion in hospital resources .
ex-d . c .  juvenile justice worker sentenced in $42 million tax and id-theft ring .
the real reason we outlasted the neanderthals .
the next week on june 29 2007  ,  friday night smackdown  !
he captained pakistan to win the 1992 cricket world cup final .
former chesapeake energy ceo dies in crash a day after price-fixing indictment .
there were two updated versions of the original game boy color such as the game boy light ( japan only ) and the game boy pocket  .
the adult females usually deposit eggs near the nests of possible hosts  ,  often in the burrows of solitary bees  ,  wasps or beetles  .
he says that it helps with stress
the closest commercial airport is at dubbo  .
even after the original cause of her pain has disappeared  ,  a woman may feel pain simply because she expects pain  .
on december 20th ,  a baby orangutan is born .  she is born at a zoo in chicago ,  usa .
it flies 15 .  37 metres .
cyclomatic complexity is a measurement to see how difficult a computer program is to understand  .
euglena is a large genus of unicellular protists  ,  which have both plant and animal characteristics  .
by the 1870s  ,  büchner was nearly forgotten in germany when karl emil franzos edited his works ; these later became a major influence on naturalism and expressionism  .
the ancient greek dramatist  ,  aristophanes  ,  mentions lentil soup in his plays : he describes it as the `` sweetest of delicacies  .
veljo tormis ,  estonian composer whose works gave voice to revolution ,  dies at 86 .
the orchestra s chief executive is stephen maddock  .
curtis johnson fired at tulane ,  as expected .
sienna miller and tom sturridge celebrate birthdays in london .
michelle obama hosts women of soul concert .
miss manners: housewarming party usually requires a new house .
trump’s victory has enormous consequences for the supreme court .
rain covers towns in water .  it destroys many houses and roads .
springfield woman killed in car crash .
after his retirement as an athlete  ,  edwards has worked as an athletics commentator and presenter for bbc television  .
major renovations and repairs were made to the speedway  .
there was a round of voting with neither steve rodan  ,  john shimmin nor david cannan being elected  .
protesters gather at a walmart in secaucus on black friday .
thousands of people meet in paris .  they support the presidential candidate francios fillon .
green is a color  ,  the perception of which is evoked by light having a spectrum dominated by range with a wavelength of roughly 570-520 nm  .
local search platform getit infomedia launches services in malaysia .
how crispr could lead to a cure for muscular dystrophy .
the river supplies much of dublin s water  .
hercules : the legendary journeys is an american cult television series  .
they are contained within the middle ear space and serve to transmit sounds from the air to the fluid-filled labyrinth ( cochlea )  .
marvin minsky ,  an architect of artificial intelligence ,  dies at 88 .
his prosecution opened on the 26 april 1895 and wilde pleaded not guilty  .
he has played for canada internationally seven times  ,  winning two gold medals in the world junior championships and once in the world cup of hockey  .
other incorrect classifications ( mainly from music cds ) include `` harp  or `` table-harp   .
parrott was severely beaten 110 times to try to make him talk  .
then he started to be a little bored .
after imprisonment in dartmoor  ,  maidstone and lewes prisons in england  ,  de valera and other prisoners were released under an amnesty in june 1917  .
the city s sesquicentennial anniversary was held in 1955 and the bicentennial was celebrated in 2005  .
she is the 2013 recipient of the sakharov prize  .
the cuttlebone of each species has a distinct shape  ,  size  ,  and pattern of ridges or texture  .
georges head fort was built in 1871 after the british army decided to leave australia in 1870  .
banana fiber is also used to make banana paper  .
the leg can get infected .  it must be cut off .
a lot of people come to see her
austin worked as a meteorologist during world war ii  .
celebrity pitmaster myron mixon is opening a restaurant in old town .
the planes are for a vietnamese airline .  obama is the third american president to visit vietnam
the burke and hare murders ( or west port murders ) were serial murders in edinburgh  ,  scotland  ,  from november 1827 to 31 october 1828  .
psilocybin mushrooms  ,  also known as psychedelic mushrooms  ,  contain the alkaloid psilocybin and other related tryptamine derivatives  .
it completely destroys some areas .
cassius was now secure enough to march on egypt  ,  but on the formation of the triumvirate  ,  brutus requested his assistance  .
rangers football club are an association football team based in glasgow  ,  scotland  ,  who currently play in the scottish professional football league  ,  in scottish league one  .
you can also listen to the jokes .
stabbing ,  attempted robbery near franklin square in downtown d . c .  ,  police say .
a nasty ‘fatberg , ’ a lump of grease ,  wet wipes and condoms ,  is now being displayed at the museum of london .
the star saves the day .
after thorough drying  ,  it is placed in a kiln  ,  or atop combustible material in a pit  ,  and then fired  .
second federal judge grants legal discovery into clinton use of private email server .
gambon is a very private person  ,  a ` non-starry star  as ayckbourn called him  .
4 brutal poll numbers that greet hillary clinton at the democratic national convention .
the man uses his phone to film the bear .  he uploads the video on the internet .
the tay bridge ( or tay rail bridge ) is a railway bridge about two and a quarter miles ( three and a half kilometres ) long that spans the firth of tay in scotland  ,  between the city of dundee and the suburb of wormit in fife ( grid reference no391277 )  .
it is very hot in many countries .  there are wildfires in some countries .
at the bourbon restoration  ,  he was named composer of the royal chapel and conductor of the orchestra of the opéra  .
ernest rutherford  ,  1st baron rutherford of nelson  ,  om  ,  pc  ,  frs ( 30 august 1871 - 19 october 1937 ) was a new zealand scientist  ,  who won the nobel prize in chemistry in 1908  ,  for his work on nuclear physics  ,  and for the theory of the structure of the atom  .
huntsville s quick growth was generated by the cotton and railroad industries  .
scott asheton ,  drummer for the stooges ,  passes away at 64 .
a fee of # 2m was agreed between rangers and derby allowing miller to move back to ibrox  .
if you need further advice ( for example  ,  medical  ,  legal  ,  risk management ) please seek someone licensed or knowledgeable in that area  .
ghulam founded the ahmadiyya movement 1889  .
neil alden armstrong ( august 5  ,  1930 - august 25  ,  2012 ) was an american astronaut and is known as the first person to walk on the moon  .
mr walker died in this accident .  this happened in 2013 .
the mascot for the games was karak  ,  a red-tailed black cockatoo  .
in 1959  ,  he was nominated for an academy award  ,  a golden globe and laurel awards for `` best supporting actor  for his role in the young philadelphians ( 1959 )  ,  with paul newman  .
trent williams and jordan reed are progressing from concussions; joined first portion of wednesday’s practice .
ex-terrapins point guard destiny slocum announces transfer to oregon state .
postgame: maryland’s yannick ngakoue sets single-season sack record in loss to indiana .
the population density was 1 , 807 . 9 people per square mile ( 696 . 5 people\/km ² )  .
la cambre abbey ( french : abbaye de la cambre ) is a former abbey in ixelles  ,  brussels  ,  belgium  .
they protest a statue .  its name is ‘silent sam’ .
need professional help with your college programming homework assignment ?  programming assignments can be really challenging so many students often feel they need qualified assistance to cope with heavy coursework workload and achieve excellence in completing their numerous academic papers .
barack obama is a ``good person: .
newton built the first practical reflecting telescope in 1668 ; he also developed a theory of light based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the colors of the rainbow  .
the queue lines for reporting abuse are explained in the following page of wikipedia policy topics  ,  focused around the active list in the wikipedia : administrators  _ noticeboard  .
young people will share videos on their mobile phones .
given as a christmas `` gift  to her fans at the stroke of midnight on new year s day 2011  ,  she announced ( via twitter ) that may 23  ,  2011 and february 13  ,  2011 would see the release of born this way and this song respectively  .
bond and a new bond girl are on a mountain .  they are in an area where people ski .
a man is reading his newspaper .
in comic strip apperences  ,  martha has appeared in the doctor who magazine strips from # 381 onwards and the doctor who adventures comics from # 28 onwards  .
a volcanic plug is a landform created when volcanic magma hardens inside a vent on an active volcano  .
the word `` gaslighting  comes from the play by patrick hamilton  ,  gaslight ( 1938 )  ,  and its movie adaptations  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
this video is in hd .
police fire water cannon on protesters during freezing temperatures .
the suda or souda ( greek : σοῦδα ) is a massive 10th century byzantine encyclopedia of the ancient mediterranean world  .
someone got the virus .  that person gave the virus to other people .
people became interested in the song rose after the digital release  ,  and the song became # 1 cyworld s hourly music chart on the release day  .
freeholders holding another ``road show meeting .
do nt break the oath is the second studio album by mercyful fate  ,  a heavy metal band from denmark  .
most other uses such as for table ware  ,  sanitary piping  ,  or building decoration in freezing environments require that the material be glazed  .
her film roles since then include a happily married but ill-fated wife in the thriller the mothman prophecies ( 2002 ) and a supporting role in along came polly ( 2004 )  .
the modern diet known as the paleolithic diet ( abbreviated paleo diet or paleodiet )  ,  also called the caveman diet  ,  stone age diet and hunter-gatherer diet  ,  is a way of eating  .
the new fifa president is in the documents .
about 2 , 700 more millionaires will move there in the next 10 years .
on new year s day 1964 he presented the first edition of the bbc music chart television program top of the pops  .
alex ovechkin sends brayden schenn into the flyers bench with crushing hit .
any other money he earned during that time  ,  by doing farmwork or performing  ,  would go to his family  .
the eruption reached volcanic explosivity index 3  .
the album was released as a double disc  ,  the first disc contained songs performed live the other disc contained the new studio recorded songs  .
it shows that women and men think bald men are more attractive ,  confident and taller .
suspicious package shuts down streets near 15th and k streets nw .
california utility to close diablo canyon nuclear reactors by 2025 .
random assignment of test subjects to the experimental and control groups is the key to any double-blind research design  .
man on bike hit by vehicle in northwest washington .
the present number plate format  ,  used since 1994  ,  uses black print on a white background and first provides information about the country where the car is registered within the european union  .
on these shows  ,  he spoke about his visits to the united states and brazil and talked about their culture and lifestyle  .
iranian-born media mogul fatally shot by masked assailants in central istanbul .
in 1904  ,  swan was knighted  ,  awarded the royal society s hughes medal  ,  and was made an honorary member of the pharmaceutical society  .
metro will open two hours early for marine corps marathon .
we don’t know what started the fire .
at the bottom of the staircase  ,  the door only opened inward and was bolted so that only one child at a time could get through  .
the balloon is running low on fuel .
fbi and fairfax county police search for missing teens .
orange ,  blue ,  silver line service suspended between foggy bottom and federal center sw .
the little sister gets on her back .  the big gorilla tries to climb up the moat wall .  she is not successful ,  but she finds another way .
`` sumer is icumen in  is a very old english song which can be sung as a round  .
abadi: iraq is not the place for u . s .  and iran to fight out their rivalry .
jackson won artist of the 1980s at the american music awards in 2000  .
the situation is the worst in hainan .
performance plus hosting thanksgiving food drive .
a church that accepts people of all orientations and identities .
airplanes will miss dangerous air .
i won’t leave you ,  i said .
19 north korean sailors killed .
after graduating from apple valley high school  ,  napoleon joined the us military and was sent to germany  .
detection of genetic abnormalities could improve effectiveness of colon cancer screening .
if you eat 50 grams of processed meat ,  there is an 18% chance that you will get cancer .
the first europeans arrived in indonesia in 1512  ,  when portuguese traders  ,  led by francisco serrão  ,  sought to monopolize the sources of nutmeg  ,  cloves  ,  and cubeb pepper in maluku  .
adam and eve s first two children were sons  ,  cain and abel  .
firefighters called to apartments .
mr clarkson joked with reporters that he was going to the job centre .
roanoke mayor apologizes for suggesting internment for syrian refugees .
federal judge temporarily blocks trump contraception rule .
the planning of defense was planned using telescopes and plotters sitting in the middle of the second gun pit  .
ceawlin ( also spelled ceaulin and caelin ) ( † 593 ) was the king of the gewisse  ,  also called the king of wessex  .
the coordinates of abbotsford are 44 ° 56 ′ 48 ″ n 90 ° 19 ′ 6 ″ w \/ 44 . 94667 ° n 90 . 31833 ° w \/ 44 . 94667 ; -90 . 31833 ( 44 . 946716  ,  -90 . 318333 )  .
at this point  ,  the cyclonic shape starts to form  ,  although an eye does not usually appear in tropical storms  .
north east arnhem land is home to the yolngu people  ,  one of the largest indigenous groups in australia  .
uae ambassador complains to state department over treatment of emirati in ohio .
many poor people in hong kong live in tiny homes .
i have no time for such unproductive activity .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
no ,  boomer esiason ,  the jets didn’t ask the nfl to sweep their locker room for bugs before patriots game .
allende was born on june 26  ,  1908 in the port city of valparaiso  ,  chile to a well-to-do family  .
the zoo asks people .
‘bleed for this’ doubles down on boxing-movie cliches .
she won a gold medal at the 1983 world championships in athletics in helsinki  .
carver s mother sometimes worked as a waitress and as a clerk in a shop  .
for instance  ,  in 2006  ,  lavigne voiced a character in the movie over the hedge  .
for some dances  ,  it is enough to simply know the basic step performed in different handholds and positions to be able to perform it socially  .
until the construction of modern roads  ,  the peninsula was almost inaccessible in winter because of marshland cutting off the higher ground  .
governor philip gidley king started the tickets of leave in 1801  .
meanwhile  ,  in order to enable its students to have a knowledge of the environment in which the air transport takes place  ,  enac starts to develop cooperation with the école nationale de la météorologie  .
atlantic beach is a city in duval county  ,  florida  ,  united states  .
key lawmakers accuse russia of campaign to disrupt u . s .  election .
trea turner hits for the cycle as nationals outlast rockies ,  15-12 .
one of the earliest uses of platinum was as a material in crucibles  .
obama surprises visitors as white house tours resume .
the surface of amalthea is very red the reddish color may be due to sulfur coming from io or some other non ice material  .
eric patrick clapton ( born march 30  ,  1945  ,  in the green  ,  ripley  ,  surrey  ,  england ) is an english guitarist  ,  singer and composer  .
they hit them with hands and with tools .
you can decide if you need to see a doctor .
the term may also be used for an estimate ( good guess ) of that standard deviation taken from a sample of the whole group  .
level of river colne at watford on saturday second highest recorded .
three germans added individual titles : hermann weingärtner won the horizontal bar  ,  alfred flatow won the parallel bars ; and carl schuhmann  ,  who also competed successfully in wrestling  ,  won the vault  .
trump may have just flatly and openly admitted to a conflict of interest .
india ought to be permanent member of un security council: .
more than 2 , 500 va employees were on paid leave last year .  the va hasn’t tracked why .  .
most teams play in the big ten conference  .
hitler originally set the attack for late november  ,  before the start of the russian winter offensive  .
the strike shut down the city for four days and then ended as it had begun - peacefully and with its goals still unclear  .
of course ,  nobody was able to find the treasure .
he then studied music at keble college  ,  oxford  .
early settlers used oxen to cross  ,  or `` ford   ,  the river  ,  and from here came the town s name  .
before placing a bet a person should read the terms and conditions of the sportsbook to avoid any problems  .
a museum in chicago has a new exhibit .
the orchestra continued to perform throughout world war ii  .
there are some diamonds on it ,  too .
this is when we grow old .
they give them bananas .
pentecostalism is a movement within evangelical christianity that places special emphasis on the direct personal experience of god through the baptism of the holy spirit ( acts 2:38 )  ,  as shown in the biblical account of the day of pentecost  .
the other team is of maltese bichons .  it is a world pup match .
researchers looked at three million medical records .
shneur hasofer ( hebrew : שניאור הסופר )  ,  better known by his stage name describe ( hasofer is hebrew for `` the scribe  )  ,  is a hasidic jewish musician  .
they say that the men are stupid .  they want to bring the men to justice .
monarchs in hawaii have low cardiac glycoside levels  ,  but the birds may be immune to the chemical  .
crystallography is the study of the arrangement of atoms in solids  .
rep .  radel charged with cocaine possession .
the washington nationals are a major league baseball team from washington  ,  d . c .   ,  united states  .
president putin said russia needs the weapons because unlawful sanctions hurt russias development .
82-year-old woman dies after being hit by a car in wheaton .
players are also able to replay their games at a later time  .
this galaxy was discovered by french astronomer charles messier in 1771  .
tiger hits balls from asia to europe .
gcc citizens top list of foreigners married to saudi women .
the decision to place him in command of an armored division was borne out to be an excellent one  .
about 2 .
business roundup: september auto ,  truck sales better than predicted .
berners was born in apley hall  ,  bridgnorth in the west of england  .
in hicks eight nfl seasons  ,  he had 32 interceptions  ,  602 interception return yards  ,  14 fumble recoveries  ,  112 fumble return yards  ,  and 4 touchdowns  .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
titsingh s return to batavia ( now jakarta  ,  indonesia ) led to new voc positions as ontvanger-generaal ( treasurer ) and later as commissaris ter zee ( maritime commissioner )  .
the event helps women .  they can learn .
a malware expert said: it caught me by surprise… .
all services including dialysis and transplantation are provided free of charge  .
diffraction prevents scientists from creating a perfectly collimated beam with no divergence  .
the specialized english word list has been revised in 2000 and 2007  ,  in the light of experience  .
howard county to open new elementary school .
w .  turner will be on it .
galerius ( gaius galerius valerius maximianus  ,  ~ 260 - 5 may 311 )  ,  was roman emperor from 305 to 311  .
it was found from the images taken by voyager 2 on january 20  ,  1986  ,  and was given the designation s\/1986 u 8  .
they do not want to work .  their body is in class ,  but their brain is absent .
she had a baby with him after the 2008 games  .
the distance to agua prieta is 123 kilometres ( 76 mi )  .
bardeen was born in madison  ,  wisconsin  .
red24 h1 pretax profit rises to £0 . 46m .
at that point  ,  alexander s empire stretched from the adriatic sea to the indus river  .
finlay was born juan carlos finlay y barres  ,  in puerto príncipe ( now camagüey )  ,  cuba  .
the best known psychiatrist is sigmund freud  ,  a medical doctor who was trained in neurology  .
the hm prison on main street is the oldest building in road town  .
the digesta is finally moved into the small intestine  ,  where nutrients are absorbed  .
the athenian general themistocles suggested the greek allies should block the persian army at the pass of thermopylae  ,  and block the persian navy at the straits of artemisium  .
people help the red squirrel .  they give something to the grey squirrels .  the grey squirrels stop having babies
they first performed together in vancouver theatersports then in second city  ,  toronto  .
antony was defeated by octavian at the naval battle of actium and then at alexandria  .
the second bat goes and comes back after 5 minutes .
sheen says that it is true .  he says that he has aids
people are scared .
police arrest hundreds of people .
teams from finland have been in every summer olympic games and every winter olympic games since then  .
a researcher said: this can turn ugly .
since the border with belarus is also the eastern border of the european union  ,  as well as the schengen area  ,  the city is a center for trade from countries to the east  .
under the control of another low pressure system  ,  the depression turned north  ,  and after slowly becoming better organized it strengthened into tropical storm chris on september 10  .
shoppers might not use pantry .
this was designed to reduce speculation on currency markets  ,  which he saw as unproductive  .
this is discrimination against jews .
she became iceland s first female prime minister on 1 february 2009  ,  the world s first openly gay head of government of the modern era  .
the images taken by voyager 1 showed metis only as a dot  ,  and very little was known about metis until the arrival of the galileo spacecraft  .
they want to have the most electric cars and motorbikes together .  the record is 508 vehicles .
star wars : knights of the old republic is a video game developed by bioware  .
remains found in search for boy snatched by crocodile .
kym valentine - kym valentine returning to neighbours after settling lawsuit .
kim jong-un’s sister is there .  all of them like the show
humane society keeps ceo after sexual harassment complaints ,  prompting seven board members to resign .
the new name is part of a new budweiser campaign .
in june  ,  2007  ,  they reportedly completed work on their third album  ,  this is not the world  ,  which was released in may  ,  2008  .
the children put on protective gear and get into carts .  these carts are home-made .
gujarat nre recovers after sharp fall .
in the uk ,  the feet are size 18 .  a german shoemaker comes to venezuela .
he rides like this for one kilometre .
on 12 july 1790  ,  the civil constitution of the clergy made all clergy employees of the state and made them take an oath to the new constitution  .
elementary school volunteer indicted on more child porn charges in federal court .
the city of sunderland is a metropolitan borough in tyne and wear  ,  in north east england  .
supreme court makes it easier for landowners to challenge environmental decisions .
a third movie was then first seen by people on august 1  ,  2008 and is called the mummy : tomb of the dragon emperor  .
d . c .  man sentenced to 24 years in prison for 2014 slaying of estranged wife .
lanham man identified as victim of fatal crash .
two women stabbed and critically wounded near arlington courthouse .
good novels  ,  to james  ,  show life in action and are interesting  .
ask amy: mentor disappears after being accused of misconduct .
nasa films hurricanes jose and irma .
the color of the flower can also be called floral lavender  .
when startled  ,  these cucumbers may expel the tubules through a tear in the wall of the cloaca  .
hanley ramirez jams shoulder .
it reappeared in cinemas  ,  and the vhs and dvd releases followed  ,  soon after kubrick s death in 1999  .
females are much smaller : 2 . 03 metres ( 6 ft 8 in ) long and weighing 145-300 kg ( 320-661 lb )  .
jim carrey cleared in wrongful death lawsuit launched by ex’s family .
dominick `` dom  deluise ( august 1  ,  1933 - may 4  ,  2009 ) was an american actor  ,  voice actor  ,  comedian  ,  movie director  ,  television producer  ,  chef  ,  and author  .
bernie sanders says he plans to vote for hillary clinton .
last week ,  an escalator killed a woman .  that happened in central china
in 1940 german forces had passed through the ardennes in three days before attacking the enemy  ,  but the 1944 plan called for battle in the forest  .
gambon made his professional stage début in the gaiety theatre  ,  dublin s 1962 production of othello  ,  playing `` second gentleman   ,  followed by a european tour  .
her family says that he tricked them .  his family says that she should marry him .
obama outlines plan to keep 5 , 500 troops in afghanistan .
one of his desserts is called ,  oops ,  i dropped the lemon tart .
his facebook post went viral and 1 .
pawan kalyan tops forbes list in tollywood .
they must go fast and jump over eight old cars .
however  ,  in 1997  ,  all 23 candidates won seats in parliament and  ,  in 2001  ,  only one was defeated  ,  faye tinnion who had stood against the leader of the conservative party  ,  william hague  .
at least three other bar-tailed godwits reached the yellow sea after non-stop flights from new zealand  .
some people don’t want to do this new yoga in the beginning .
they research their families .  they find out that they have the same mother .
estelle `` mama  yancey ( january 1  ,  1896-april 19  ,  1986 ) was an american blues singer  .
orlando jonathan blanchard bloom ( born 13 january 1977  ,  in canterbury  ,  kent  ,  england ) is an english actor  .
on january 1  ,  2000 the quarantine pier of odessa trade sea port was made a free port and free economic zone for 25 years  .
dr .  dre and dj yella also did mixes for local radio stations  ,  making the ratings for it s show afternoon traffic jam go higher  .
many poor people in hong kong live in tiny homes .
he learned to play the piano  ,  and later the cello and organ  .
the amor prohibido tour was the final concert tour for american singer selena  .
the st albans psalter ( circa 1130-45 ) is the best known of a number of important romanesque illuminated manuscripts produced in the abbey scriptorium  .
gp = games played  ,  w = wins  ,  l = losses  ,  otl = overtime\/shootout losses  ,  gf = goals for  ,  ga = goals against  ,  pts = points  ,  rank = conference rank ( division leaders are ranked first to third )  ,  top eight teams in each conference qualified for post-season playoffs  .
some people steal relics ,  like statues or tiles .
the man jumps in the water .  he climbs on the whale .
how trump’s fortunes turned south with a rambling ‘birther’ answer .
air marshal sir ( harold ) douglas jackman kbe cb ( 26 october 1902 - 15 june 1991 ) was a senior royal air force officer  .
warne ( sounds like worn ) is an unincorporated community in clay county  ,  north carolina  ,  united states  .
another way is reacting selenium tetrafluoride with warm tellurium dioxide  .
for the rest of the war he worked in a food factory  .
scientists studied him to understand how early humans lived .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
it is going to be expensive .  one of einstein’s letters sells for 1 .
rudd returned to the backbench  ,  and not have any positions of responsibility in the government until on 26 june 2013  ,  gillard announced another caucus ballot on the leadership  .
neutrophils are the most abundant type of phagocyte  ,  with 50 to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes  .
12 true words no candidate can ever say on tv .
miley ray cyrus ( born november 23  ,  1992 ) is an american entertainer  .
the arizona coral snake  ,  which is a separate genus  ,  is found in central and southern arizona  ,  extreme southwestern new mexico and southward to sinaloa in western mexico  .
he wrote lyrical poetry ( in portuguese and in spanish ) and drama but is best remembered for his epic work os lusíadas  .
state department names paris attack suspect a global terrorist .
it was built in 1925 and processes beet from 1 , 300 growers  .
the first european to come to the region may have been the spaniard alonso de ojeda in 1499  .
you can win a lot of money in a lottery there .
ecac hockey is a group of colleges and universities in the northeastern united states who play ncaa division i hockey against one another every season  .
in 2008  ,  it was listed as the academy award for achievement in film editing  .
that organization has been holding world three-cushion championships since the late 1920s  .
two-year-old is critically injured in maryland crash .
ask aaron: the week in politics .
one day ,  a friend asks him ,  why aren’t you married ?  can’t you meet a woman who will be a good wife for you ? fred answers ,  i met many good women ,  but when i bring them home to meet my parents ,  my mother doesn’t like them .
after 9-point loss in va .  ,  gillespie says he would not encourage others to run for office because of ‘poisonous atmosphere’ .
lavey was born with the name howard stanton lavey  .
al jazeera english launches in new zealand .
since 2011 she is studying at one of the acting schools in hollywood ( playhouse west acting school and repertory theatre  ,  los angeles county  ,  california  ,  usa )  .
it lives in sumatra .  there are only 800 tapanuli orangutans in the wild .  they are in danger of dying out
prince william county: the week that was .
suspect fatally shot by howard county police at maryland traffic stop ,  sheriff’s office says .
a rail line runs through town but serves only as freight transportation for the local paper mill  .
sometimes called amex cards  ,  these credit cards make up nearly a quarter of all credit card transactions in the usa  .
pope leo xii ( latin : leo duodecimus ; 22 august 1760 - 10 february 1829 )  ,  born annibale francesco clemente melchiore girolamo nicola sermattei della genga  ,  was an italian priest of the roman catholic church and the 253rd pope from 1823 to 1829  .
christian klien ( born 7 february 1983 ) is an austrian formula one racing driver  .
the quran is used with the hadith to interpret sharia law  .
montgomery county moves to preserve century-old bridge with ties to segregation .
major g . m .  price laid out the town in 1837  .
some people are in serious condition .  six of them are children
the provinces are divided into 37 departments  .
16-year-old charged in manassas killing .
the woman does another bad thing .  she drives into a police car .
dozens of city employees get furlough notices .
`` rapper s delight  is a song by the sugarhill gang  .
he also played for a short time with the ottawa rough riders football team  .
to help someone ,  you must get a lot of water .
the initial releases were successively numbered as `` previews  i . e .  p5  ,  p7  ,  p8 up to p81a  ,  then p9  ,  p91  ,  p92  .
in fact  ,  dodge termed the dinoflagellate nucleus as mesokaryotic  ,  due to its possession of intermediate characteristics between the coiled dna areas of prokaryotic bacteria and the well-defined eukaryotic nucleus  .
paul s conversion to `` apostle to the gentiles  is first recorded in ( 9:13 -16  ,  cf .  gal 1:11 -24 )  .
texas pipeline firm charged in california oil spill .
michelle christine trachtenberg ( born october 11  ,  1985 ) is an american television and movie actress  .
turkish airlines denies carrying weapons to nigeria .
prosecutor: couple charged in son’s death maybe fled the us .
robbers invade glenwood home .
on this day  ,  he got the gayatri mantra  ,  and he was given diksha into the mantra of rāma by pandit ishvardas maharaj of ayodhya  .
the movement of populations in modern times has continued under the form of both voluntary migration within one s region  ,  country  ,  or beyond  ,  and involuntary migration ( which includes slave trade  ,  trafficking in human beings and ethnic cleansing )  .
merkel anoints popular rival as heir apparent .
before the event went live on pay-per-view  ,  a dark match between hardcore holly and cody rhodes took place  ,  which holly won after executing an alabama slam  .
altruism ( or selflessness ) is concern for the well-being of others  .
after carter s term in office ended on january 20  ,  1981  ,  the 52 u . s .  hostages held at the u . s .  embassy in iran were released  .
another 33 rock-wallabies were captured on kawau during the 2000s  ,  and returned to australia  .
all laser cards now replaced with debit cards .
bonde da stronda is an hip hop duo formed in 2006 at rio de janeiro  ,  brazil by mr .  thug and léo stronda  .
he moves to a forest .
flavored with vanilla and spices  ,  his chocolate was whipped into a froth that dissolved in the mouth  .
the name comes from the persian word beryā ( n ) which means `` fried  or `` roasted   .
because she liked the training environment in toronto  ,  kim made toronto her training home  .
the chocolate has the same chemical that makes flamingos pink .
alnico alloys make strong powerful magnets  ,  and can be made magnets ( called magnetising ) to produce strong magnetic fields  .
mckayla maroney was ‘suicidal’ after years of sexual abuse by dr .  larry nassar .
all the players are very happy
the gop candidates told us what they think is the most important quality in a leader .
sorry .
some species hatch already completely metamorphosed into the adult form  ,  others still have tails when they hatch  .
more than 150 firefighters try to stop this fire .
fate of warehouse could be decided next month .
the political system is set out in the 1949 constitution  ,  the grundgesetz ( basic law )  ,  which stayed in effect after 1990 s german reunification  .
on 28 march 1668  ,  she married afonso s brother  ,  infante pedro  ,  duke of beja  ,  who was appointed prince regent the same year  .
someone shoots it down in ukraine .
using the profits from the sale of his homestead they bought three trading ships and started trading with the west indies  .
it is the most important river of central italy after the tiber river  .
fake 911 call leads to chase ,  police shooting of 18-year-old in northern virginia .
p83 james held a world view in line with pragmatism  ,  declaring that the value of any truth depended on its use to the person who held it  .
marconi is often named as the inventor of radio  ,  and he shared the 1909 nobel prize in physics with karl ferdinand braun for their help  .
its owner  ,  william randolph hearst  ,  was a major booster for the strip throughout its run  .
the strongest winds were on santa maria island  ,  where there was a gust of 59 mph ( 94 km\/h )  .
however  ,  these fossils differ from modern cockroaches in having long ovipositors and are the ancestors of mantis as well as modern cockroaches  .
another delicate challenge for republicans: reconciling house and senate tax bills .
soon afterwards  ,  local tribes  ,  including the grebo and the kru  ,  attacked the state of maryland  .
victoria christina hesketh ( born 4 may 1984 )  ,  also known by her stage name little boots  ,  is an english pop singer  .
the game was released in every country throughout april 2008  ,  but one year later in south korea  .
what ‘back to the future ii’ got right (and wrong) about oct .  21 ,  2015 .
everybody knows formula 1 ,  but there is also formula snow .  it is a racing event .
organic pioneer nora pouillon wins james beard lifetime achievement award .
alternating current generating systems were known from the discovery of the magnetic induction of electric current  .
he went to the ateneo de manila university to study a . b .  economics and later law  ,  graduating in 1992 and 1996 respectively  .
one student said: the walkout was for those .
the painting is special .  it is a portrait of marie-thérèse walter .  there is more to the painting .
ben carson officially drops out of the presidential race .
you can often see them .  most people see them at the end of november .
donald trump says we’re all too politically correct .  but is that also a way to limit speech ?  .
doctors and other people work through the night to help the people on the bus
this report was sent to nimitz  ,  who then sent it to spruance  .
smokey s name is spelled differently from the word smoky on purpose  .
archaeologists discover a fortress .  they discover it in the libyan desert .  it is around 109 kilometres from benghazi .
president obama will be late to kennedy center honors performance .
is it too late to register to vote in your state ?  check here .  .
d .  keith mano ,  christian novelist who explored extremes of sex and faith ,  dies at 74 .
linda agrees to divorce martin so he can marry deborah  .
why did he kill himself ?  people say that he was depressed .
there are videos about hobbies ,  nature ,  interesting people ,  songs ,  films and also videos in simplified english
now ,  north and south korea hold reunions .  people can meet at the border .
bitcoin plunges as mt .  .
police fatally shoot unarmed 73-year-old calif .  man who family said suffered from dementia .
this news is from england .  a 31-year-old man steals a wallet from a car .  this happens in birmingham .
the symbols on the drawings show how components like resistors  ,  capacitors  ,  inductors  ,  motors  ,  outlet boxes  ,  lights  ,  switches  ,  and other electrical and electronic components are connected together  .
as matthew churns toward u . s .  ,  more than 1 million ordered evacuated in s . c .  .
between 1175-1185  ,  waldo either had a cleric from lyons translate the new testament of the bible into the language that most people spoke  ,  the arpitan ( franco-provençal ) language  ,  or translate it himself  .
but there is chaos everywhere .
the largest skatepark in the world is located in shanghai  ,  china  .
it was to be an alternative to the grammy awards in the video category  .
many people in the new orleans metropolitan area thought cindy would only create minimal effects from the storm  ,  but found themselves cleaning up the mess and were without power for days after cindy s strike  .
local officers and officials federally deputized .
the english restart program will help you learn new words effectively .  and the program will help you with speaking .
in the summer of 1977  ,  he started a center in london  ,  which he called dzogchen orgyen chöling  .
the federal bureau of investigation is working with the fairfax county police  ,  the prince william county police and the pentagon force protection agency to investigate the case  .
they lose everything .
the man teaches the boy to see with sound .
the world reacts to trump’s proposed ban on muslims entering the u . s .  .
wastezero expanding recycling ,  manufacturing plant in south carolina .
examples are heterosis  ,  epistasis  ,  pleiotropy and other interactions between loci and alleles within the genome  .
in 1977  ,  eastern air lines leased four a300s  .
the number of electorates in a state is to be based on its share of the national population  .
bing thom ,  canadian architect who redesigned arena stage ,  dies at 75 .
the raf lost 96 aircraft ( at least 32 to being shot down or accidents )  ,  compared to 48 lost by the luftwaffe  .
three genera  ,  uranomys  ,  lophuromys  ,  and acomys were once considered to be murines - later  ,  it was discovered that they were more closely related to gerbils through molecular phylogenetics  .
geologically speaking  ,  the genus is known from the eocene to the present  .
if an alloy has only two types of atoms  ,  like copper-nickel alloy  ,  then such an alloy is called binary alloy  .
how bergen county are you ?  .
the organization has over 6 . 5 million members in the united states  .
2 men charged in fatal february shooting in montgomery county ,  md .  .
emperor ninmyō is traditionally venerated at his tomb ; the imperial household agency designates fukakusa imperial mausoleum ( 深草陵  ,  fukakusa no misasagi  ?  )
mckinley morganfield ( april 4  ,  1913 - april 30  ,  1983 )  ,  or muddy waters  ,  was an american blues musician and is considered `` the father of chicago blues   .
thanksgiving classic christmas day stats values are correct through week 17  .
st .  augustine wrote of the popularity of the belief that nero would return in his day  ,  which is known as the nero redivivus legend  .
young people will share videos on their mobile phones .
systematics is used to help us understand the evolutionary history of life on earth  .
petersburg woman drowns in appomattox river .
scoville library in salisbury was the first in the united states to be open to the public free of charge  .
ashley judd recites i am a nasty woman poem at march .
aam aadmi party starts with populist poll plank .
talking about race in ballet class .
one of the two great dreams of the pundit class is dead: mike bloomberg will not run for president .
most of them are between 60-70 centimetres .  the student uploads his video on youtube .
speed also said that they wanted to get rid of both him and liuzzi  .
he also worked on an agreement to start a branch of cornell s medical school in qatar  .
martin also wrote for john denver ( a neighbor of his in aspen  ,  colorado at one point )  ,  the glen campbell goodtime hour  ,  and the sonny and cher comedy hour  .
this means the disease should be treated sooner .
the superfamily is made up of the ichneumon wasps  ,  ( family ichneumonidae )  ,  and the braconids ( family braconidae )  .
chippenham is one of many stations that will be made better as part of the ` access for all scheme  ( afa )  .
woman robbed of backpack in lower haight .
in 1963  ,  the u . s .  representative from duluth  ,  john blatnik  ,  introduced a bill to observe leif erikson day in the rest of the united states  .
multiple human errors led to red-light running incident near smithsonian station ,  metro says .
the information from panda poo can help the scientists .
in the lowland areas  ,  particularly vestvågøy  ,  agriculture is important and has been so since the bronze age  .
john cena defended the wwe championship against mick foley  ,  bobby lashley  ,  randy orton  ,  and king booker  .
the festival is international .  people come from different countries .
nba stars align for patrick ewing as new georgetown coach gets a win in debut .
courts should resist from usurping powers of executive .
an extra 1 . 6 km was added to the north end of the spadina part of the yonge-university-spadina line  ,  adding one station ( downsview )  ,  with parking for buses  .
the thief is dancing .  he is happy because he has money now .
van diemen s land was the name used by europeans for the island of tasmania  .
recently two other sweeteners  ,  sucralose ( marketed as splenda ) and acesulfame potassium ( `` sunett  or `` ace k  ( the k is the chemical symbol for potassium ) which is usually used in conjunction with aspartame  ,  sucralose  ,  or saccharin rather than alone ) have come into growing use  ,  particularly by smaller beverage producers ( e . g .  big red )  .
`` amor prohibido  became one of the most successful singles  ,  along with `` no me queda más   ,  of 1994 and 1995  .
it was part of french west africa from 1904 to 1958  .
in adult dogs infection with t .  canis usually asymptomatic but can be fatal in puppies  .
the plan is to finish the ban when the level of pollution is down .
fire claims abandoned home in montgomery county .
younger people are turning to electronic text on computers instead which can be read aloud by computer programs ; a more portable communication method that they can also use with their friends  .
the first eneco tour of benelux took place from august 3 to august 10 2005 the tour of the netherlands began on 6 may 1948  ,  but only became an annual event in 1975  .
it becomes wider near the delta of the mackenzie river  .
how to get rid of a tenant in a home you want to buy .
seyss-inquart was an anti-semite : within a few months of his arrival in the netherlands  ,  he sacked jews from government  ,  the press and leading positions in industry  .
the redskins hope to accomplish a rare feat against the patriots: a win in foxborough .
this duck lost its feet to frostbite ,  so a teacher 3-d printed it some new ones .
lieutenant chuma  ,  tried to free his submarine by using a special tool that cuts metal  ,  but this only made things worse  .
the price was $5 , 500 per person .  it was a dangerous journey .
during the dry season  ,  those rivers become a series of waterholes and sandy beds  .
trustedconsumerreview announces best cabo wedding planner .
the parents collect around a hundred thousand pounds .
the game is not new .  some people played in soviet times .  now ,  two russian men play it again .
it is estimated that over 50 , 000 species have been described  ,  but a million or more species may be currently living  .
last month a volcano erupted in japan .
miss manners: accept a compliment without undermining it .
montgomery county police find drugs at homicide scene in burtonsville .
amazon’s next big tv series is based on iain banks’s culture novels .  what are the culture novels ?  .
hdfc plans to raise $300 million .
the crowd the chanted `` deee-tox  ,   to which he replied  ,  `` i m coming  !
justice antonin scalia has died .
as the material collapses contracts  ,  massive stars may form in the center  ,  and their ultraviolet radiation ionises the surrounding gas  ,  making it visible at optical wavelengths  .
a pilot program allows walt disney world resort guests to check in with fido .
the gallery was established in 1967 by the australian government  .
morley safer ,  longest-serving correspondent for cbs’s ‘60 minutes , ’ dies at 84 .
all the chickens are similar ,  and all the men are similar .
four shot and wounded in northeast washington .
tomb of a 16th-century catholic priest found in remains of aztec temple .
before that  ,  gera was a quite small town  ,  but in the year 1900  ,  it had already about 45 , 000 inhabitants  .
one of the biggest markets is in front of the town hall .  it has 150 stalls .
he won the position by 60 , 000 votes over main rival candidate  ,  auckland city mayor john banks  ,  on 9 october 2010  .
the franciscan dolphin is very rare .
this news is about a woman .
marital ethics were the topic of much debate in 18th century britain  .
from august 1814  ,  wallich became an assistant surgeon in the east india company s service  .
although most of them were destroyed by the gestapo  ,  by 1942 the area had one of the strongest zwz and ak networks  .
in a 48-hour period  ,  the typhoon deepened 99 millibars to a minimum central pressure of 915 mb  .
three out of eight members of each senate must have been a judge of a federal supreme court  .
nine million tons of plastic goes into the oceans every year .
most other entries showed the seal  ,  the midnight sun  ,  the northern lights  ,  polar bears  ,  and gold pans  .
aung san suu kyi’s party predicts landslide win in burma elections .
omeara and others said that animals could be affected by pain during vivisection  ,  making results unreliable  .
st .  bernard rescued after falling 30 feet into a maryland well .
latest gop effort to dismantle obamacare on the brink of failure after defections .
it is an illustration of `` nearly all stages in a speciation process  ( dobzhansky )  .
chester zoo is in england .  it has three new animals: warthog babies .
three charged and arrested as a result of two and a half month investigation .
com
for every 100 females age 18 and over  ,  there are 102 . 6 males  .
the principal difference between the bjt and hbt is in the use of different semiconductor materials for the emitter and base regions  ,  making a heterojunction  .
some dogs are then paralysed .
the oil makes people’s lives difficult .
the experts advice is to call the tech support telephone number you got when you signed up for the internet .
about 30 students fall down to the floor below .
ibrahimovic urges rooney to join him at paris saint-germain .
however ,  people kill rhinos .  they trade their horns illegally .
charlotte mayor patrick cannon arrested on corruption charges .
chris alcantara and leslie shapiro join graphics .
they will learn how a baby can change relationships .
in florence henderson’s carol brady ,  a reassuring (and vanishing) sense of adulthood .
despite what their eyes witnessed  ,  some museum-goers still said that nutt was tom thumb in disguise  .
the moon can also look red .  this happens when the moon is close to the ground
jeremy shada ( born january 21  ,  1997  ,  in boise  ,  idaho  ,  us ) is an american actor  ,  rapper and singer  .
kentucky is a state in the usa .  a police car is on a road there .
israeli tanks fire at farmers in northern gaza .
fort payne winter guard brings home gold .
rabies alert issued for leesburg area .
on the july 19 episode of raw the nexus continued their attacks on the raw roster by first attacking edge and then chris jericho  .
gulfport police arrested woman and man on unrelated charges of embezzlement from businesses .
donald trump takes the reins of a divided republican party .
lack of attention hampers tourism development in klungkung .
four days have a chance to hit at least 70 in d . c .  this week .
many recipes are known from ancient greece  .
if you use ad blockers ,  we don’t have any income from ads .
thus  ,  the pseudanthium represents an evolutionary of the inflorescence to a reproductive unit that may function in pollination like a single flower  ,  at least in plants that are animal pollinated  .
the 1994 vancouver stanley cup riot was a riot that took place on june 14  ,  1994 in vancouver  ,  british columbia  ,  canada  .
in colombia  ,  people from all parts of the country play the game ; it is very popular  ,  played by both children and adults  .
in 1957  ,  he joined the china artists  association  ,  and in 1981 he was added into the chinese great artists  dictionary  .
its weight helped stupendemys stay under water for long periods  ,  grazing on aquatic plants  .
oneness pentecostalism teaches that the father ( a spirit ) is united with jesus ( a man ) as the son of god  .
cooked powder residue is a hazardous waste and will contain solvent  ,  powdered filter material ( diatomite )  ,  carbon  ,  non-volatile residues  ,  lint  ,  dyes  ,  grease  ,  soils  ,  and water  .
the price of marijuana is going to halve
thutmose i ( also known as thothmes  ,  thutmosis or tuthmosis i  ,  meaning thoth-born ) was the third pharaoh of the 18th dynasty of ancient egypt  .
hello students ,  when you know 3000 words ,  you understand 98% of all words used in spoken english .
on the morning of 12 march  ,  the 8th army of the german wehrmacht crossed the german-austrian border  .
fern sadly says good-bye as the young pig is sold down the street to her uncle  ,  homer zuckerman  .
the first person to hold the seat was richard casey  ,  baron casey  ,  later the 16th governor-general of australia  .
symbolism in art is related to the gothic component of romanticism  .
the show takes its name from the firefly-class spaceship serenity that the main characters call home  .
it was included on the titanic soundtrack album  .
it’s the time which i spent with my rose… said the little prince .
11 people struck by lightning during child’s birthday party in paris park .
the book is a big hit .  it only costs around two dollars
in a ceremony at the white house on june 21  ,  2000  ,  he was presented with his medal by president bill clinton  .
nemo bravely enters the net and directs the group to swim downward to break the net  ,  reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier  .
it was then sold to beau boeckmann  ,  the host of the tv show `` pimp my ride  .
by comparison  ,  the first overtone of a vibrating string is only one octave above the fundamental  .
i was a thousand miles from any place with people .
motherese helps babies learn language .
muslim holy days are happening .  many muslims go to mecca .
one important consideration for the british planners was that dieppe was within range of the royal air force s fighter aircraft  .
hunt underway for motorcyclists who surrounded maryland state trooper’s suv on beltway .
on 25 october 2004  ,  six men were convicted  ,  including the island s mayor at the time  .
dna changes how children taste food .
he says that he is proud to be irish .  he says that the irish people showed what they think .
a superacid is an acid with an acidity greater than that of 100 % pure sulfuric acid  ,   .
most people died from heart disease ,  lung cancer and stroke .
bruce langhorne ,  guitarist who inspired bob dylan to write ‘mr .  tambourine man , ’ dies at 78 .
in 1816 the united kingdom formally annexed the islands  ,  ruling them from the cape colony in south africa  .
julián padrón ( september 8  ,  1910 - august 2  ,  1954 ) was a venezuelan writer  .
the bones are important to the scientists .
flares can happen once every few days or  ,  as in the case of barnard s star  ,  much less frequently  .
the reverend stewart headlam put up most of the # 5 , 000 bail  ,  having disagreed with wilde s treatment by the press and the courts  .
the presidents most important duty is to take charge of the meetings of the bundestag  .
what international cities have weather most like washington ,  d . c .  ,  in october ?  .
there is a special system .  it listens to big explosions .
m .  w .
contemporary home in kensington ,  md .  ,  lists for $960 , 000 .
man’s tip leads to capture in san francisco of two jail escapees .
they want to move them to china .
jerry seinfeld’s next ‘comedians in cars getting coffee’ guest ?  president obama .  .
if trump has a strategy on israeli-palestinian peace ,  it’s remaining a secret .
bread furst employee knocked unconscious in robbery in northwest .
around 1 , 700 people die .  the electricity grid is overused .
it was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties  .
lead singers bass keyboards drums they also sang the theme song for television series möbelhandlarens  ,  named `` när du var här   ,  in 2006  .
together with bassist dave green  ,  they played concerts labeled as ` the abc&d of boogie woogie   .
waves move around inside the sun .  our eyes could see this one day .
one of the most important entries in the diary was written on october 28  ,  1941  .
that is a new record .  he is 48 years old .
it was set up to celebrate the centenary of federation of australia and to honor people who have made a contribution to australian society or government  .
he had married for a second time after his wife had died  ,  and john was the youngest of five children from the second marriage  .
the whole building is on fire in two hours .  firefighters come .
edward christopher `` ed  sheeran ( born 17 february 1991 ) is an english singer-songwriter and guitarist  .
tesla outsells porsche: .
while studying divinity at college  ,  a fellow student invited him to a christian house meeting  .
as the ` sub  suggests  ,  u . k .  copy editors usually have less authority than regular editors  .
these seals secured the apocalyptic document  ,  that was in the right hand of god  .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
anchorbank opening new west allis branch .
they are in destroyed towns with missiles and warplanes in the sky .
he conducted the last night of the proms for the first time on 13 september 2008  .
terrance knighton misses practice to see a headache specialist .
alexandria police investigating 15 broken car windows .
because of this  ,  he asked kim s mother that kim should continue to learn how to skate  ,  saying that she would become a wonderful figure skater in the future  .
abby wambach brings an extraordinary career full circle .
montgomery county and frederick county homes sales .
derek jeter ( born june 26  ,  1974 in pequannock township  ,  new jersey ) is an american major league baseball player  .
eric x of sweden ( erik knutsson  ,  c .  1180 - april 10  ,  1216 ) was the king of sweden between 1208 and 1216  .
donald trump was asked to name one of his heroes .  his answer was very ,  very strange .  .
smith is the youngest person to play the character in the british television series  .
murphy owned a plane around the time of the cristero war in mexico against the anti-catholic government of emilio portes gil  .
li yin liked classical  ,  american and european music so much that she says she never sang children s songs when she was a child  .
shown as part of a six part ali g show originally on hbo ( usa ) in february 2003  .
they are ready for evacuation .  the volcano interests scientists .
after the two joyfully reunite  ,  dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper  .
a paramedic comes up to her .  he asks her if she needs help
one store charged double the price for pink razors .
people worry too much about what others think .
emilia pardo bazán ( 16 september 1851 - 12 may 1921 ) ( also known as emilia  ,  countess de pardo bazán ) was a spanish author and scholar  .
he is shot by a man .  now ,  you can buy his love letter .
martha ann miller ,  who taught at one of virginia’s first desegregated public schools ,  dies at 106 .
the second wave of anti-italian violence took place after occupation of slav army in may 1945  .
nine to eleven species are recognized from fossils found in different regions of china  ,  mongolia and russia  ,  with a possible additional species from thailand  .
sergeants bentley and bryant knocked at the door of no .  11 exchange buildings  ,  behind the jeweller s shop  .
silla was founded by king park hyeokgeose in 57 bc  ,  around gyeongju in the southeast part of the korean peninsula  .
back in metru nui  ,  mata nui s awakening was celebrated  ,  but celebration was cut short when it was revealed that teridax had taken over the body of mata nui  ,  revealed to be the universe of the matoran  .
a yak is a big animal .  it looks like a hairy cow .
it is named after járnsaxa  ,  a giantess ( female giant ) in norse mythology  .
it was not until she was in third grade that she found enjoyment from books  ,  when she started reading the dutch twins by lucy fitch perkins  .
american tv and appliance to close .

henley has won the phoenix film critics society award for best performance by a youth female in a lead or supporting role and the young artist award for best performance in a feature film - young actress age ten or younger in 2006  .
from 1950 to 1953  ,  odonoghue worked as a nursing aide in victor harbor  .
the soviet army freed the camp in 1945 .  you can visit the camp now .
a new amusement park opens there .  one ride breaks apart mid-air .
virginia man fatally shot in northeast washington .
it has an opening ceremony .  it has something unusual at the ceremony .
bioware reveals release date for dragon age: .
many older spectrophotometers must be calibrated by a procedure known as `` zeroing  .
it also includes a special edition cd\/dvd with extra tracks and a paper board game  .
trump and pence now willing to headline super pac events .
.
orthonectida is a small phylum of poorly-known parasites of marine invertebrates  .
jack brickhouse ( january 24  ,  1916 - august 6  ,  1998 ) was a sportscaster  .
soon after  ,  he wrote his autobiography  ,  a kid  ,  a ball  ,  a dream  ,  with help from grantley bernard  .
students form teams in their campuses and use business model to make better the quality of life and standard of living for people in need  .
blizzard plus brady/manning equals the perfect storm for nfl tv ratings .
he suffered from addison s disease and from chronic and debilitating back pain due to a war injury  .
you can write in the comments if you like the game
he will look to the future of the usa and japan .
germany has the first female referee in europes top leagues .
deer hunters can donate kill to food shelves .
5 million lego pieces .
it was going to be released in the summer of 1995  .
senate intelligence committee asks for russia-related records to be preserved .
justin trudeau corrected a woman for saying mankind: ‘we’d like to say peoplekind . ’ .
vesna vulovic ,  serbian flight attendant who survived 1972 crash ,  dies at 66 .
it is two human skeletons .  the person calls the police .
in 1929  ,  it was then decided that the headroom of the tunnel would be increased to 16 feet 6 inches ( 5 . 03 m )  .
how an obscure legal issue has found its way into the gop race .
it will help him breathe .
these include genes for functional rna molecules and dna sequences such as `` start replication  signals  ,  centromeres  ,  and telomeres  .
washington post branded content now available on facebook instant articles .
have you ever wondered what hormones do ?  .
ronaldo gets his shoe at a ceremony .
love set up mascot as a private business  ,  leasing 200 acres ( 0 . 81 km2 ) from the kensington race club for three years  .
a passenger attacks other passengers during a flight .
what president trump’s foreign policy will look like .
barry trotz named a finalist for jack adams award .
oscar pistorius to be sentenced for murder after his appeal is denied .
in choosing rhee  ,  he stepped outside of the local landscape to consult with national education experts including new york city school chancellor joel klein  .
it is animated .  it is about christmas .
homer simpson is a cartoon character in the animated television series the simpsons  .
stefano mei ( born february 3 1963 in la spezia  ,  italy ) was an italian long distance runner in several international athletics ( also called track and field ) events  .
herculina is one of the twenty or so biggest members of the main asteroid belt  .
mr bean is now 25 years old .
he beat hillary clinton .
senate votes to extend draft registration to women – but they would have done better to end it for men .
the dog now feeds her own babies as well as the adoptive ones .  she is the town’s celebrity
observe veterans day in fairfax schools .
alex rodriguez storms out of hearing after bud selig does not testify; .
in 2011-12 season  ,  the nrl enters its eighth season with 19 teams playing in two conferences : the regular season of the nrl begins in october and comes to an end in march  .
with aggressive base running ,  nationals cruise to 9-4 win .
more than two people die there .
the color purple is based on the pulitzer prize-winning novel  ,  the color purple by alice walker  .
people built the pyramids from one material .  every stone should be the same .
the minimum pressure made katrina  ,  at the time  ,  the fourth most intense atlantic hurricane on record ( hurricanes rita and wilma would later beat katrina s record that same year )  .
with the newer aircraft  ,  helicopters can reach the northern most platforms on both the east and west of shetland areas  .
são paulo ( portuguese for saint paul ) is the capital of the state of são paulo  ,  brazil  .
amazon estimates that the kindle 2 will hold about 1500 books  .
the man says he has to because he is hercules  .
as the highest mountain in wales  ,  snowdon is one of three mountains climbed as part of the three peaks challenge  .
an individual officer is also called a garda ( plural gardaí )  ,  or  ,  informally  ,  a guard  .
they are 2 . 3 m ( 7 . 5 ft ) × 3 . 8 m ( 12 ft ) × 2 . 1 m ( 6 . 9 ft ) and have one round window  .
bells were not the only way to make noise - in holland  ,  a gong was often used  ,  and in france a drum was used  ,  or a hunting horn  .
a study compared what 625 people bought with their personality .
the killings were not random .
he was also principal conductor of the royal philharmonic orchestra  .
the fossil record of the group extends back into the cambrian  ,  with fossils of barnacles and tongue worms known from that period  .
michael lohan defends lindsay .
on april 15  ,  1947  ,  robinson played his first major league game at ebbets field in front of a crowd of 26 , 623 spectators  .
the convention was signed by 19 states  ,  three with reservations ( brazil  ,  peru and the united states )  .
there he wrote his last work  ,  the ballad of reading gaol  ,  a long poem commemorating prison life  .
along with development  ,  new courses are created regularly  .
when the florentian republic fell in 1530  ,  volterra came under the control of the medici family  .
it lives in australia .  it walks across a highway .  it stops the traffic .
us to fly rwandan troops to central africa republic .
during her third year as an electrical engineering student she was accepted into the nasa cooperative education program  .
pro-jeb bush super pac might deploy ground staff to states .
high winds cause cars to overturn in king george county in virginia .
the zoo has a group of 20 monkeys .
- 774 bc : the oldest aristocratic families in sienna date their line to the lombards  surrender to charlemagne  .
people want to punish congress this time: .
two men fatally shot in northeast washington .
three-bedroom ,  three-bath townhouse in gaithersburg ,  md .  ,  lists for $294 , 900 .
many species are associated with wetlands  ,  although the family is found in every terrestrial habitat except dry deserts  ,  polar regions and alpine areas above the snow line  .
no one predicted if people will need to study english .
sixteen of them are school children .
asus announces new transformer pad tf701t .
com has over 400 writers to choose from .
the pilot must make the plane lighter .  he lets some fuel out of it .
tamahagane steel is used to make japanese swords  ,  knives  ,  and other kinds of tools  .
ghana mourns bbc journalist komla dumor .
man fatally stabbed in northwest washington .
created in 1998  ,  it is named after harold blair  ,  an aboriginal singer and civil rights campaigner  .
but cecilia does not believe him  ,  and she realizes that she is in love with mortimer  ,  who still thinks she is engaged to sir floyer  .
china ,  taiwan leaders pledge peaceful ties at historic encounter .
he was ordained a priest by the bishop of oradea stefan fiedler on the june 29  ,  1934  .
it was first named as an african species of brachiosaurus ( b .  brancai ) in 1914  .
even people with family and friends can be lonely .
vessavaṇa is one of the four great kings  ,  each one of which rules over a direction  .
in the due process  ,  the foreigner lose his passport  .
fourth canadian soldier dies in apparent suicide .
she said: its a dream come true .
the water just jumps off the cloth .
how one local business is helping west virginia flood victims: lap dances .
northumbria became an earldom when the southern part of northumbria ( which had been deira ) was lost to the danelaw  .
during the 2005 regional contest in chengdu alone  ,  307 , 071 message votes were cast for the top three contestants  ,  each vote costing ¥ 0 . 5 to ¥ 3  .
on 5 september 1996 the new concorde agreement was signed by all the teams except mclaren  ,  williams  ,  and tyrrell  .
querrey recovers to reach second round of moselle open .
the rock that lies underneath this is composed of dark brown micaceous siltstone  ,  mudstone  ,  and fine-grained sandstone  .
skiers are put in a group based on medical  ,  and their body position when they ski  .
31 euphrosyne is one of the biggest main belt asteroids  ,  found by james ferguson on september 1  ,  1854  .
some steel arch bridges ( such as the navajo bridge ) are built using pure cantilever spans from each side  .
as of 2008 schoep s was producing 6 , 000 gallons of ice cream an hour and 2 . 5 million gallons a year  .
he has been the chairman of the expediency discernment council of iran since 1989  .
secretary of state offices now accept visa credit ,  debit cards .
the adult male has bright purple-pink patches on the sides of its neck  ,  with light pink coloring up to the breast  .
u . s .  home prices rise in january: .
over 100 people die there .  an incident happens at a school .
partisan review was an american political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003  ,  though it suspended publication between october 1936 and december 1937  .
a typical beamline at a modern synchrotron will be 25 to 100 m ( 82 ft to 328 ft ) long from the storage ring to the end station  ,  and may cost up to millions of us dollars  .
disabled workers were overpaid $11 billion in social security over 9 years ,  watchdog reports .
the game features two types of gameplay : a map mode  ,  and a battle mode  .
cameron diaz admits leaving spotlight for love .
watkins mill football team captains take knee for national anthem .
ex-walmart worker wins $31 million suit .
robert lewandowski held talks with real madrid .
many ominous or hellish supernatural dogs are in mythology around the world  ,  similar to the ubiquitous dragon  .
they are also known as skin beetles  ,  larder beetle  ,  hide beetle  ,  leather beetle  ,  carpet beetles  ,  and khapra beetles  .
tennessee tutor accused of putting three children in the trunk of her car .
a boeing delivered the 5 , 000 th 737 to southwest airlines on february 13  ,  2006  .
at the time of the first explosion  ,  the clock at the finish line showed a time of 04:09:43  .
karthikeyan went on to win the nascar camping world truck series most popular driver award for the 2010 season  .
they used the sunderland city detached youth project building ( where brewis and hyde worked ) as a free practice space  .
the eddington limit explains the observed luminosity of accreting black holes such as quasars  .
examples include la hague  ,  and la-hougue both derived from the old norse word haugr meaning a hill or mound  .
in july 1964  ,  james started playing again and he recorded for the takoma  ,  melodeon  ,  and vanguard labels and played until his death in 1969  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
federal building in d . c .  rejects richard spencer’s request to host conference .
rob gronkowski loses shirt in casino ,  rages with flo rida .
she was also in two episodes of the tv series ris - delitti imperfetti and some small roles in other italian productions  .
after staying there two weeks  ,  he went to london  ,  where he stayed with the famous surgeon astley cooper and the eye-expert  william adams  .
it was probably a very weak swimmer  ,  unable to move its bulk against a swift current  ,  and probably avoided smaller streams  .
on october 9  ,  2007  ,  a full-length ( 1 minute and 45 second ) version of the song was released  .
they are often placed in the suborder rhopalocera  ,  which includes papilionoidea ( true butterflies )  ,  and the hesperiidae ( skippers )  ,  and hedylidae ( butterfly moths )  .
as well as these  ,  the department also provides some accommodation  ,  transport and other services at entry points to the parks  ,  but these are also offered by others  .
miguel cabrera undergoes surgery .
it consists of marble  ,  quartz  ,  granite  ,  glass or other suitable chips  ,  sprinkled or unsprinkled  ,  and poured with a binder that is cement-like  ,  chemical or a combination of both  .
the possibility of the british parliament making laws to overturn the australian constitution was also removed  .
this event is thought to be a nearly once-in-a-lifetime event by meteorologists  .
the rapping teacher is a big hit at the school .
it has an apparent motion of four times the speed of light relative to the galaxy center  .
in 1942  ,  a new headquarters for no .  3fs was built at wulguru  ,  townsville  .
in the 1924-25 season  ,  he joined the duluth hornets  .
average workers feel alone: .
old explosives are thus more dangerous ( i . e .   ,  liable to be triggered to explode by very small disturbances  ,  even trivial jiggling ) than more recently manufactured explosives  .
in 2003  ,  she hosted spicy tg on antenna 3  .
they can also increase the risk of cancer .
professor fert graduated in 1962 from the école normale supérieure in paris  .
the report is a big shock .
on 28 may 1980  ,  97 of them finished the program and graduated from the academy  .
the chukchi worked at fishing  ,  whaling and the hunting of walrus in this cold sea  .
elaborate windows are subdivided by closely-spaced parallel mullions ( vertical bars of stone )  .
upon returning to their tent  ,  they find that their possessions have been rifled through  ,  and josh s equipment is covered with slime  ,  causing them to question why only his belongings were affected  .
on 8 january 1820  ,  the sheikh of dubai was one of the people who signed the british sponsored `` general treaty of peace  ( the general maritime treaty )  .
goat rock has a flat topped sea stack  ,  made of greywacke  .
the recent rapid increase in human population over the past two centuries has raised concerns that humans are beginning to overpopulate the earth  .
with the ban the opium was reduced to 185 metric tons  .
the area of the city is 232 . 29 km ² and the population density is 100 people per km ²  .
after finishing as professional he played for the amateur squads of badener ac  ,  ufc pama  ,  sv forchtenstein and wsv traisen  .
president bill clinton made the u . s .  virgin islands a federal disaster area  ,  making it available to federal aid  .
in 2004  ,  evanescence released anywhere but home  ,  their first live album  .
amazon has a new virtual assistant called freetime .
program to improve teacher diversity will offer full college scholarships .
in washington ,  british officials to confront facebook ,  google and twitter over misinformation .
people also build a hotel
on march 24  ,  2004  ,  the city adopted st benedict biscop as its patron saint  .
he has a double hand transplant .  he is the youngest person to get this .
belgian cyclist stig broeckx in coma after crash caused by two motorbikes .
the final score is 4-1 .
a porcupine is a rodent with a coat of sharp spines  ,  or quills  ,  that defend them from predators  .
the push to expand social security .
9 metres high and 2 .
one was that the way was not a predetermined principle of the universe  ,  but rather an establishment of men : the ancient sages had described it in the confucianist classic works  .
andy murray reaches australian open final .
boogeyman hit booker a falling chokebomb and pinned booker to get the victory  .
on april 10  ,  2001  ,  cellucci resigned to become u . s .  ambassador to canada  ,  being appointed by president george w .  bush  .
mike retained its intensity of 165 mph winds for a day as it approached the philippines  .
the five days in 2008 that propelled clinton to today .
this power is not limited by any other part of the constitution  ,  such as section 99 that forbids giving preference to one state or over another state  .
titanosaurs lived 100 million years ago .  they lived in argentina .
the children are not safe .
in 1993  ,  clancy bought with some other people the baltimore orioles ( baseball team ) from eli jacobs  .
syrian troops kill 55 rebels .
late on october 6  ,  grace moved over wales  ,  bringing heavy rain and high winds  .
world bank lowers global growth forecast .
in mathematics  ,  a constant function is a function whose output value is the same for every input value  .
chesterfield elementary school evacuated after smoke reported .
the ceremony is in madrid .  he is there with his son cristiano junior
carjacking suspect shot by police had been out of prison for 2 months .
on climate data ,  knowledge is power .
the boys could learn to dive ,  but they cant swim .
he made his odi debut at the 1995 asia cup against sri lanka  .
it is 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of denver  .
some historians believe that saffron first came to china with mongol invaders by way of persia  .
emilie autumn liddell ( born on september 22  ,  1979 ) is an american singer and violinist  .
atlanta braves to call up catcher christian bethancourt .
almost 100 homeland security employees have been paid to stay home for over a year .
mostly  ,  he played slide guitar using a pocket knife and then a slide made from a beef rib bone  ,  later switching to a glass slide  .
he answers .
thomas jerome hudner  ,  jr .  ( born 31 august 1924 ) is a retired officer of the united states navy  .
after that  ,  figueres became a national hero  ,  winning the country s first democratic election under the new constitution in 1953  .
the score before the last game was 5-4 for schlechter  .
the kittens are not well .
chad michael murray goes public with new romance .
they miss the plane .  they save their lives .
the champion wants to be much stronger .  he wants to work hard and have good results .
a cigarette butt starts the fire .  the fire starts on the 50th floor .
nicki minaj will pay the tuition fees for 30 of her twitter fans ,  if they get a-grades .
if the lord is god  ,  follow him ; but if baal is god  ,  follow him  .
he collected about 150 folk songs in norfolk and suffolk and made many arrangements of them  .
it can hold a 130 kilogram person .
it is becoming more and more popular .  it is footgolf .
alfa romeo made the first modern formula one v10 in 1986  ,  but it was never used in a race car  .
it is named after madison square  ,  which is itself named after james madison  ,  the fourth president of the united states  .
‘crown heights’ stars lakeith stanfield as an unjustly accused man .
the supreme court is about to hear the biggest labor case of the century .
he had been a founder of the world wildlife fund ( wwf )  ,  a founder of several wetlands bird sactuaries in britain  ,  and an influence on international conservation  .
moving westward from the effects of a ridge  ,  favorable conditions allowed it to develop into tropical depression nine on september 2 in the deep tropical atlantic ocean  .
lithium ( from greek lithos ` stone  ) is a soft  ,  silver-white metal with symbol li  .
donald trump as president ?  warren buffett says it wouldn’t hurt u . s .  businesses .  .
on 11 may 2009  ,  the oprah winfrey show  ,  a worldwide famous television show  ,  invited zhang liangying  ,  who ranked 3rd overall in the 2005 contest  ,  to make an american television singing debut  .
the asteroid  ,  the first extrasolar asteroid detected  ,  is 26 % water by mass  ,  close to the water content of ceres  .
seven nizams ruled hyderabad for two centuries until indian independence in 1947  .
george lopez disses conor mcgregor ,  he wont touch floyd .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny jailed .
poorer people are kinder than rich people .
there were claims however that it was actually named after a nearby river called sungai api-api  .
xbox 360 has twice as many online players as ps3 .
in order to replace him  ,  former reach the sky guitarist chris chasse joined in 2004 and they released their first album on geffen records  ,  siren song of the counter culture  .
they move at 257 kilometres per hour .  this sport is not for everybody .
hit-and-run victim ,  77 ,  was dragged for one mile and died at scene .
dominion will pay to connect homes near ash ponds to public water system .
many u . s .  states banned marriage between races  ,  through `` anti-miscegenation laws  until 1967  ,  when these laws were changed  .
when the nazis came to power in 1933  ,  the horst-wessel-lied was recognized as a national symbol by a law issued on may 19  ,  1933  .
volleyball drops match to chestnut hill college .
tobermore motorist jailed for two months .
the 65th british academy film awards  ,  more commonly called the baftas  ,  were held on 12 february 2012 at the royal opera house in london  .
telugu is an indian language spoken in the southern part of india  .
wulff was sworn in as prime minister on 4 march 2003  ,  as the head of a coalition between centre-right christian democrats and liberal free democrats ( fdp )  .
local animal rescue group saves dogs from south korean meat farm .
sepp blatter pushes for 2022 world cup in winter .
supporters of confederate monuments get temporary legal win in charlottesville .
what jim vance meant to me .
three rich brothers wanted to do something special for their old mother .  she had her birthday .
first ,  it cools anything under it by reflecting the sun .
lee kuan yew ruled singapore from 1959 to 1990 .
men did five hours a week less housework after their baby was born ,  even though both parents had jobs .
the game is played by facing teams who strike  ,  not catch  ,  the ball with either a bare or gloved hand : every team include 3  ,  4 or 5 athletes  .
his research is in a book .
a man makes all of them tea .
paul berg ( born june 30  ,  1926 ) is an american biochemist  .
smugglers have complex network of cross-border syndicates -- .
dotson with 31 points leads houston to 82-64 win over ucf .
after the first race  ,  the last 20 % of finishers can be took away from the competition at the authority of the judges  .
in august 1969 there was rioting in northern ireland s big cities of belfast and derry  ,  and the government of northern ireland asked for the british army to help keep control  .
opting out of the smart meter is a not-so-smart move .
it cost 5 .
microsoft said the wannacry hackers used spying tools from the nsa .
our mission is to stand against coup: .
anthony lewis amonte ( born august 2  ,  1970 in hingham  ,  massachusetts ) is a retired american professional ice hockey right winger that played in national hockey league  .
sabu beat up cena and performed a leg drop on him  ,  diving onto cena and putting him through the raw announcers  table  .
the horse and the pig are friends .
ayatollah khomeini lectured there from 1964 to1978  .
the bottom wing s veins are a whitish color  .
this news is from italy .  doctors there can prescribe marijuana to people .
other people say this is bad .  it could lead to designer babies .
in 1930 he became a member of the polish pen club  ,  and in 1933  ,  he became its president  .
he started twenty-seventh but finished eighth in the # 18 joe gibbs driven performance oil chevrolet  .
some people want northern ireland to be a republic .
former wizard glen rice jr .  shot in leg at restaurant owned by rapper t . i .  .
plenty of carbon used in nuclear energy .
wnba gms pick mystics’ elena delle donne as favorite to win 2017 mvp .
as bapteste et al .  observe  ,  `` additional evidence suggests that gene transfer might also be an important evolutionary mechanism in protist evolution   .
pound erases advance to trade little changed at $1 . 6322 .
nexstar broadcasting celebrates ten years on nasdaq .
explosions happen in the capital of ankara and also in istanbul .
the brooklyn museum is the second-largest art museum in new york city  .
during the british invasions of the río de la plata  ,  canaverys returned to comply functions of portero under the orders of martín de alzaga  .
kenneth harry olsen ( february 20  ,  1926 - february 6  ,  2011 ) was an american engineer and entrepreneur  .
the winds blow at 216 kilometres per hour .
the four wildcats sunk another destroyer  ,  kisaragi  ,  by dropping a bomb on her stern  .
great was the joy when they found roman prisoners  ,  including some from varus  legions who had been held by the chatti for 40 years  .
hundreds of people must leave the building .  luckily ,  nobody dies ,  and nobody is injured .
they shoot the bear with a special gun .
people can now repair their own teeth with $7 dental kits .
in the table below are some of estes  claimed values for specific impulses for several of their rocket motors : estes industries is a large  ,  well known american seller of model rockets and rocket parts  .
the city of melbourne is now in the news because it changes a man to a woman on some traffic lights .
they do not have money for the gym .  however ,  they want to be fit .
spongebob squarepants 2 is an upcoming 2015 animated movie based on nickelodeon s spongebob squarepants television series  .
blountville man charged with child neglect ,  domestic assault .
alabama race is neck and neck ,  with voters divided over roy moore allegations ,  poll finds .
abbott gets down to business .
m64 is well known among amateur astronomers because it can be seen in small telescopes  .
karthikeyan won two feature races in the 2007-2008 season in march 2009  ,  karthikeyan tested for the kolles le mans team  .
in the united states  ,  `` yogurt   is the usual spelling  .
however  ,  the 2010 update has growth slowing at the end of 2013  ,  after which transistor counts and densities are set to double every three years  .
if the community lets you know that they want you to delete some content from your user space  ,  you should think about doing so - such content is only permitted with the consent of the community  .
the robot waits in the queue for her .
lauren tierney joins graphics team as a graphics reporter .
the study of optical fibers is called fiber optics  ,  which is part of applied science and engineering  .
in females  ,  an lh surge triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum ( a temporary endocrine structure in female mammals that promotes relatively high levels of progesterone )  .
they look like pigs ,  but they are related to horses .
today  ,  harambe is the starting point for tourists and students who want to see africa s animals in their natural habitats  .
he said: they told me it was a bad idea .
when she is 18 ,  she gets her first corgi .  that is in 1944 .
the bushranger hotel in collector was the site of the shooting of policeman  ,  constable samuel nelson on 26 jan 1865  ,  by john dunn  .
the deal to host the valencia race was signed on 1 june 2007  .
( in order of elimination ) ( ages listed are the designers  ages at the time the show was taped in the summer of 2004  .  )
build stronger and safer communities in baltimore .
unemployment has reached a critical level in iran .
around 20 , 000 people come to the finals .  sixteen buffaloes fight at the finals .
women are very good at guessing their results
she became the ussr girls  champion in 1976 and a year later she won the soviet women s title  .
d . c .  officer ,  two supervisors disciplined in case involving inappropriate t-shirts .
people watch giant waves during storms in south west england .
many other companies released consoles in this generation  .
so hillary clinton wants debate moderators to ask about abortion ,  all of a sudden ?  .
this can harm or kill the shellfisha study showed people eat up to 11 , 000 pieces of plastic each year .
he is the first person with paralysis to move again
richard trentlage ,  who wrote ‘i’d love to be an oscar mayer wiener , ’ dies at 87 .
some people say that the election is rigged .
nevertheless  ,  it continues to be unclear whether there is a solid core to s\/2004 s 6 or whether it is just a dust clump that will disappear in years or months  .
ophiuroids in general are mostly scavengers or detritivores  .
it is a lot of money .  valuers say that it is worth it .
justice department plans new project to sue universities over affirmative action policies .
they said universities should translate research into different languages .
research on smoking and its effects on health got better under nazi rule and was the most important of its type at that time  .
vlc has a very flexible design  ,  which makes it easier to include modules for new file formats  ,  codecs or streaming methods  .
a race is held in japan .  this race is special .
as ma-on was affecting japan  ,  the jtwc downgraded it to a tropical storm in the evening on july 19  .
this name was changed to the current carcharhinus albimarginatus by rüppell later that same year  .
after the romantic affair was over  ,  félicité remained in the service of marie adélaïde at the palais-royal  ,  a trusted friend to both marie adélaïde and philippe  .
stone bridge pounds potomac falls up front to reassert itself in conference 14 .
the town site was laid out at fifteen mile creek in 1852  .
why north korea threatened guam ,  the tiny u . s .  territory with big military power .
the number of tuberculosis cases has been decreasing since 2006  ,  and new cases have decreased since 2002  .
the main herbs used to produce absinthe are green anise  ,  florence fennel and grande wormwood  ,  often called the ` holy trinity   .
iwami ginzan silver mine was very important in east asian trade because silver was the main currency  .
there are things that can make us die younger .
in mathematics  ,  a surface integral is a definite integral taken over a surface ( which may be a curve set in space )  .
there is not enough food in venezuela .  people are hungry .
metro pcs employee robbed at gunpoint in hempstead .
caf president hayatou congratulates nigeria u-17 team .
central luzon has fourteen cities  .
the song is known by its tune  ,  and its chorus  ,  `` cest la lutte finale \/ groupons-nous  ,  et demain \/ linternationale \/ sera le genre humain   .
this weather makes people sick .  many people are in hospital .
david ross pleads guilty to all charges ,  remanded in custody .
it is like steeping into somebody’s life or somebody’s home
one of them hopes that this action can end president assad’s leadership in syria .
in madrid ,  spain ,  street sales are illegal .  in madrid ,  spain ,  street sales are illegal .
his parents were anne ( née barrett ) and edward `` chips  hardy  .
his theories helped to develop the nuclear strategy of the united states  .
wizards’ martell webster to undergo season-ending hip surgery friday .
this news is from the usa .  a man is driving home .
todd young has won the indiana republican senate primary .
it became a city in 1961 and was renamed after datu lapu-lapu  ,  the island s chieftain who defeated portuguese explorer ferdinand magellan in 1521  .
india ,  pakistan should do away with old thinking: .
obama signs executive order hiking minimum wage .
prince george’s police officer pulls driver from burning car .
balukas also admits having been under great pressure  ,  much of it that she placed on herself  .
in 1881 cafiero went to london  ,  where he remained for a long time  .
his first acting role was as a robot in a school play  .
he was formerly head coach for the san francisco 49ers and a defensive coordinator for the baltimore ravens ( was also baltimore s wide receivers coach in 2001 )  ,  new york jets  ,  washington redskins  ,  new york giants  ,  denver broncos and miami dolphins  .
ropolis : 1940s and 1950s : some members of the classic squad later became members of the lnh : old comics man  ,  golden man  ,  and kid yesterdaze  .
we know little about the dangers of internet addiction .  we need to know more .
in san francisco he occupied a studio that he inherited from hassel smith  .
at this time  ,  dry-cleaning was carried out in two different machines - one for the cleaning process itself and the second to dry the clothing  .
the woman cannot walk now .
the spartans will not flee or surrender  ,  even if it means their deaths  .
jeb bush vowed that donald trump would be in decline by dec .  15 .  that didn’t happen .  .
brand was between john `` bradshaw  layfield and john cena for the wwe championship  .
a short distance past yorklyn  ,  the route comes to the pennsylvania border  ,  where it becomes pa 82 and goes toward kennett square  ,  pennsylvania  .
historians think that it is a statue of ramses ii .  he rules egypt for 60 years over 3000 years ago .
fifteen of the cars are from the uk .  the british police say that they are stolen .
the horst-wessel-lied  ,  also known as die fahne hoch ( the flag on high )  ,  was the anthem of the nazi party  .
hundreds of yemenis with us visas stranded in djibouti .
jackson county was created by the florida territorial council in 1822 by splitting from escambia county  ,  making it the third county in the territory  .
how to install a bathroom fan vent .
on 8 june they were joined by 56 officers and men from the hms sulphur  .
jubilation in harare’s streets as mugabe resigns .
however ,  men with religious or medical reasons have exceptions
maoris have less health care ,  less income and more heart diseases than non-maoris .
saxe-coburg ( german : sachsen-coburg ) was a country in today s bavaria  ,  germany  .
part of south george mason drive in arlington blocked due to gas main break .
the state s nickname is the `` evergreen state  because it has a lot of pine trees  .
more tourists from across spain come to see the riders in action .
man injured in explosion identified .
it stars douglas adams as a computer user and tom baker as a personification of a software agent  .
how jared goff’s emergence may affect kirk cousins’s future .
school board ,  sued by transgender student ,  asks for supreme court review in bathroom case .
the 1st infantry division moved from augsburg in 1972 until 1991  .
three low pressure areas formed the monsoon trough that extended from the philippines to the marshall islands  .
should california porn stars have to wear condoms ?  voters may decide .  .
rulers must clean their stables of corruption: .
when hitler came to power  ,  the dutch had begun to re-arm  ,  but more slowly than france or belgium  .
white house says trump’s anti-muslim policy ‘disqualifies him from serving as president’ .
what can fiction writers bring to edward hopper’s paintings ?  .
aida was first performed at the opera house in cairo on december 24  ,  1871  .
all of the specimens wallace had on the ship  ,  most of his collection  ,  were lost  .
at the start of the 1938-39 season  ,  after ten entire seasons with boston  ,  he was traded to the detroit red wings  ,  where he played the rest of the season  ,  and played another full one before stopping  .
demand for alternative energy sparks need for general electric to cut 12 , 000 jobs .
saitama has ten wards ( ku )  ,  which were assigned official colors as of april 2005 : manufacturing includes automotive ( honda manufactures the honda legend here )  ,  food  ,  optical  ,  precision and pharmaceutical products  .
now ,  it is fixed .  you can see it in the egyptian museum
it runs regular passenger trains in northern england  ,  including trains linking the west and east coasts across the pennines  .
he then joined the australian citizens military forces where he served two years before joining the 33rd regiment in 1913  .
they use virtual reality for training .
is a nuclear power plant in the towns of naraha and tomioka in the futaba district of fukushima prefecture  ,  japan  .
the vehicles were bought by the british army  .
the anther contains microsporangia  .
the spiral galaxy as a type was first described by edwin hubble in his 1936 work the realm of the nebulae  .
even thought he tried to come back later in the season  ,  his injury caused him to be able to play two more games  ,  and he lost them both  .
fire lord ozai  ,  the current fire lord of the fire nation  ,  is waging a seemingly endless war against the earth kingdom  ,  the water tribes  ,  and the already destroyed air nomads  .
bernardo provenzano ,  sicilian mafia ‘boss of bosses , ’ dies at 83 .
unlike many other seas  ,  most of the bottom of the norwegian sea is not part of a continental shelf  .
the term can be used to refer to both players who serve as head coaches  ,  or as assistant coaches  .
each node in the network having a specific fixed number  ,  of nodes connected to it at the next lower level in the hierarchy  ,  the number  ,  being referred to as the ` branching factor  of the hierarchical tree  .
people celebrate earth hour .
often  ,  art deco style ornaments were added to typical shophouses or bungalows  .
5 mm headphone jack .
it is also quite big .
it goes through a city centre .
snow falls at m&t bank stadium before an nfl football game between  .  .  .  .
vladimir putin is on this watch .  he represents the current times .
on october 26  ,  north carolina governor beverly perdue declared a state of emergency for 38 counties  .
the man’s parents say that he is an idiot
there is some debate about how they traded for or found these shells so far inland  ,  away from the natural sources  .
soldiers of the special forces guarded the eavesdropping listening post situated on the hilltop  .
theoretical chemists used the early digital computers a lot  .
grace kelly ( november 12  ,  1929 - september 14  ,  1982 ) was an american actress  .
jacquelyn cameron named vp of leadership sales .
his father had him made a british citizen - a decision that would later allow michael to receive an actual  ,  rather than honorary  ,  knighthood and cbe  .
ingrid is a poet who falls in love with a man named barry kolker  .
``celtic legends dance group to visit azerbaijan .
he accumulated enormous debts ( they totalled 21 million livres )  ,  which louis xvi paid for him in the early 1780s  .
frank griswold was the bishop of chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997  .
the river thames flowing through london is one of the most familiar of river estuaries  .
she wears a beautiful dress and make-up .
paul walker dies in car crash .
bluebells are a genus of flowering plants in the family asparagaceae  ,  hyacinthoides  .
qatar airways will have to change its routes .
stand-up mountaineer andy kirkpatrick brings new lecture show to town .
the gustav mahler jugendorchester ( gustav mahler youth orchestra ) is a youth orchestra based in vienna  ,  austria  .
in 1888 the school was given to the marist brothers to run  .
this is a conversation .  it is between a canadian man and a us ship .
it cannot land normally .  the people are afraid .
he sailed with captain james cook on his second and third trips  .
theory of colours ( original german title  ,  zur farbenlehre ) is a book by johann wolfgang von goethe published in 1810  .
in 1894  ,  frost sold his first poem  ,  `` my butterfly : an elegy   ,  for fifteen dollars  .
kunieda won his fourth australian open in a row  ,  his fifth overall  .
turning to the northeast  ,  the storm quickly weakened and died out on september 11  .
d . c .  population reaches four-decade high .
another of the howland group shot hocking  .
official members : live band members : former members : ( before maná )
his successors  ,  the william and mary  ,  did not make any more appointments to the order  .
she modeled for coca-cola  ,  italian vogue  ,  and posed topless in the 2003 pirelli calendar  .
daniel robert `` bob  graham ( born november 9  ,  1936 ) is a retired american politician  .
it is from blocks of ice .
usually  ,  obsolete codes may be kept as reserved  ,  while some overseas territories  ,  international organizations  ,  and special nationality status have reserved codes of their own  .
combinations of modifications are thought to constitute a code  ,  the so-called histone code  .
the family moved from manhattan to red bank  ,  new jersey  ,  and then they moved to jersey city  ,  new jersey by 1920  .
people adopt many of the kittens .
the number of students in a resource room is at most five students per teacher  .
impeaching trump is a long shot .  there’s another way to protect the country .  .
former d . c .  aide in religious affairs division pleads guilty in drug charge .
this happens in australia .  a shark bites a surfer .
the numbers that correspond to the atoms forming the new bond are then separated by a comma and placed within brackets  .
on march 1  ,  2011  ,  the motion picture association of america said that dodd will be in control of that organization  .
the fundamental principles guiding sociobiology are : the book was first published in 1975  ,  then reprinted in 1976  .
transwiki and importers are unused flags which give permissions on special : import  .
this happened when the municipality of aker ( surrounding oslo ) was moved from akershus county to oslo in 1948  .
this idea originated in the mainframe market where online transaction processing emphasized not just the execution speed of one transaction  ,  but the capacity to deal with big numbers of transactions at the same time  .
the museum shows 13 photos .  one of these will win the best prize .
the northern  ,  more mountainous part  ,  called sopraceneri  ,  is formed by the two major swiss valleys around the lake maggiore : ticino valley and maggia valley  .
people from hospital come .  they help the guard .
trump’s victory has enormous consequences for the supreme court .
she said mr key should know this .
lucas duda is hitting cleanup on thursday .
argentine antarctica is a department of the province of tierra del fuego  ,  antarctica  ,  and south atlantic islands  .
the food of cambodia includes tropical fruits  ,  rice  ,  noodles and various soups  .
after pro-clinton speech ,  sarah silverman’s twitter account is hacked .
he won four golden globes  ,  a bafta award  ,  and an emmy award  .
the lighthouse was fully automated in 1983  .
ragtime fell out of favor as jazz claimed the public s imagination after 1917  ,  but there have been numerous revivals since  .
this happens in santiago ,  chile .
although most plants able to form nitrogen-fixing root nodules are in the legume family fabaceae  ,  there are a few exceptions : all these families belong to the orders cucurbitales  ,  fagales  ,  and rosales  ,  which together with the fabales form a clade  .
scientists will now make their own materials to get water from the air .
center mike richards ‘a possibility’ to play this weekend .
two norfolk theatres pay tribute to roger lloyd-pack .
should children get to have cellphones in elementary school ?  .
trump can’t deny climate change without a fight .
it was built of brick in flemish bond  ,  on a series of stone arches that allowed the waters of the river derwent to flow through  .
they do not have the money .
trump administration asks supreme court to overrule precedent helping unions .
he says that he will serve her  ,  but he asks one thing : that she should never ask him what his name is or where he comes from  .
such a planet would have had both a rocky surface and water  .
over the next couple of days the system gradually developed further while moving towards the west  .
this student left college to help his dying childhood friend complete his bucket list .
she danced in milan and london where she created the title role in the marble maiden ( 1845 ) by arthur saint-léon  .
an eagle flies around london .
it took over ten years to make .
in toledo  ,  el greco painted his best-known paintings  .
the washington post’s new incontext promotional unit automatically matched with relevant editorial content .
it was the site of canada s first subway line  .
american steele johnson earns an olympic medal in the sport that nearly killed him .
the company were part of international data group ( idg )  ,  a technology media  ,  events and research company  .
he must get back to the deep water .  people help him .
most of them are african .
it burns 1 .
it is the first major animated crossover between marvel and disney since the acquisition of marvel by disney in 2009  .
at a gathering after the el nogal club bombing in bogotá  ,  he noticed a soldier holding a gun like a guitar and got the idea for it  .
house republicans likely to start two-week recess without passing health-care bill .
a woman contacts a man on the internet .
note : gp = games played  ,  w = wins  ,  l = losses  ,  t = ties  ,  pts = points  ,  gf = goals for  ,  ga = goals against  ,  pim = penalties in minutes note : teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold note : gp = games played  ,  g = goals  ,  a = assists  ,  pts = points  ,  pim = penalties in minutes
as the sun condensed and heated  ,  nuclear fusion started  ,  and the solar wind cleared out most of the material in the disc  ,  which had not yet condensed  ,  into larger bodies  .
michaels then climbed on the top of the tall ladder and hit mcmahon a diving elbow drop  .
the candidate thanks to his supporters for coming to the meeting .
only one person can slide at a time .
the library also has big collections of general overseas and rare book materials  ,  as well as world-class asian and pacific collections which add to the australian collections  .
it is made up of three circles .
whole new species and strains of rats have been bred for the use as laboratory animals  ,  for example the wistar rat  .
armed intruders kicked in the door .  what they found was a woman opening fire .  .
`` my heart is broken  was chosen as the second single and sent to radio stations in october 31  ,  2011  .
later operations were at gasmata  ,  arawe  ,  cape gloucester  ,  and the east and south coast of new britain  .
‘you should resign: elizabeth warren excoriates wells fargo ceo john stumpf .
d . c . -area forecast: mildish with showers today; high wind warning tonight and tomorrow .
katie piper shows off baby daughter .
the pentagon said it killed islamist militants in somalia .  turns out they were allies .  .
in 1951 it was sold to james watson of newcastle upon tyne for # 500 who placed the island under the stewardship of the national trust of guernsey  .
naimey is the administrative  ,  cultural and economic center of the country  .
georgian president mikheil saakashvili made high-ranking georgian officials working abroad to wear the national costume at official meetings  .
education inspector general wants to pull student aid from a popular online university .
mered could go to prison for a long time .
the senate disrespects military leaders .
by the time of the canadiens first game on november 28 against the pittsburgh pirates  ,  he had lost 35 pounds in a span of six weeks  ,  and had a fever of 102 fahrenheit  .
this region is formed of seven states : acre  ,  amapá  ,  amazonas  ,  pará  ,  rondônia  ,  roraima and tocantins  .
the tanggu truce gave chiang kai shek time to merge his forces and to focus his efforts against the chinese communist party  ,  though at the cost of northern china  .
jeff sessions approved by judiciary committee after another bitter hearing .
the earthquake hit in the afternoon  ,  at 16:53:10 local time ( 21:53:10 utc )  .
in april 2007  ,  it merged with new york stock exchange to form nyse euronext ( euronext : nyx )  .
people say that it is made from 3 kilogrammes of gold and 3 kilogrammes of silver .
in britain  ,  great tits and blue tits learned to break through the foil caps sealing bottles of milk on doorsteps  ,  to get at the cream on top  .
the researchers looked at how students slept .
the original bridge  ,  the first iron bridge over the thames  ,  was built by a private company and was run as a toll bridge before being taken into public ownership in 1879  .
on october 2  ,  a ship called the elektra ( call sign siwb ) reported winds of 52 mph ( 84 km\/h ) while it was located about 170 mi ( 270 km ) to the east of the center of the storm  .
hummingbirds have the most-oval-shaped eggs .
jim bunning ,  hall of fame baseball pitcher and former u . s .  senator ,  dies at 85 .
later in his time in the senate  ,  biden served as chair of the senate foreign relations committee and the senate judiciary committee  .
the victoria hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb  .
bac decided to change rapier to fit onto the m548  ,  a version of the m113 armored personnel carrier  .
they donate her organs in the end .  the girl’s organs help eight people .
providence police officer killed in crash .
va . ’s ethics chief forced out as supreme court takes up mcdonnell case .
d . c . ’s central library to close until 2020 for major renovation .
it is known for its research in the humanities and social sciences  ,  as well as in the field of natural and life sciences  .
occasionally composers such as béla bartók ask for them to be played from top to bottom  .
johnson was born in new york city  ,  new york  ,  usa  ,  but his family returned to england soon afterwards as his mother had yet to take her oxford finals  .
syria’s assad holds elections despite peace talks in geneva .
he attacks the artist
police seize firearms from prudence island man .
why this father hugged the man who helped kill his son .
to find ownership information on song texts copyrighted in the us  ,  the ascap ace title search and bmi repertoire search utilities are very useful  .
ben jealous endorsed by casa in action for his maryland gubernatorial bid .
hillary clinton wins missouri ,  securing a clean sweep of tuesday’s primaries .
suspect in rape at maryland school was stopped 7 months ago by border patrol .
hickman was an assistant at wake forest  ,  north carolina state and west point before earning the head coaching job at yale university in 1948  .
one thousand turtles need help .
kanye west not charged in recent attack .
two students ,  two adults injured when police cruiser and school bus crash .
pedestrian fatally struck by vehicle near thomas circle .
he says that they can do even more things .
in july 2011  ,  23 727-100 s and 227 727-200 s were being used by airlines  .
in 1839  ,  an additional parcel was added to the cemetery  .
on july 16  ,  1957  ,  then-major glenn set the transcontinental air speed record  ,  flying a f8u-1 crusader from nas los alamitos to floyd bennett field  ,  new york  ,  in 3 hours  ,  23 minutes  ,  and 8 . 4 seconds  .
more than 1 , 100 law school professors nationwide oppose sessions’s nomination as attorney general .
in order for the virus to make copies and infect  ,  it must enter cells of the host animal and use those cells  materials  .
senate majority pac to hit airwaves in florida with first ever democratic primary ads .
the holy books of ayyavazhi are the akilattirattu ammanai and the arul nool  ,  and they are the source of the religion s mythology  .
justin fairfax ,  virginia’s lieutenant governor-elect ,  leaving white-collar law firm .
big horn county is a county in northern wyoming  .
they are often brightly colored  ,  and may be iridescent or even luminescent  .
one official likes the app .
mass ejections are known as coral bleaching  ,  because the algae contribute to coral s brown coloration  .
‘norfolk 4 , ’ wrongly convicted of rape and murder ,  pardoned by gov .  mcauliffe .
people traffick these drugs from northern thailand to malaysia .
boy ,  13 ,  arrested in attempted carjacking in northwest washington .
anand held the fide world chess championship from 2000 to 2002 when the world title was split  .
tractor-trailer driver dies after crash in hagerstown ,  md .  .
espn’s shelley smith hospitalized after suffering possible stroke in the warriors’ locker room .
how clinton and sanders avoided a broken convention .
in the east  ,  it borders on the pays de bray where the layers of earth below the chalk show through  .
the petén department was formed by the guatemalan government on 8 may 1866  .
the roadway goes east-west path through the state  ,  going through the pittsburgh  ,  harrisburg  ,  and philadelphia areas  .
any sort of saturated molecule ( that does not have a c − c double bond ) can be the starting point for generating isolobal fragments  .
finally  ,  in 1920  ,  the red army took control of odessa and united it with the ukrainian ssr  ,  which later became part of the ussr  .
nundle is of the best areas in the state for finding crystals  .
when the british got power over india  ,  the nizams were allowed to continue to rule for the british  .
dump the debt ceiling .
in 2004  ,  naughty dog s studio president and co-founder  ,  jason rubin left the company to work on a new game named iron and the maiden  .
slot machines are the most popular gambling method in casinos and are responsible for about 70 percent of the us casino s income  .
if genuine  ,  the getty kouros is one of only twelve remaining intact kouroi  .
would you stand up and throw tomatoes at me  ?
fortum completes divestment of finnish electricity distribution business .
he is a nine-time silver slugger and one of twenty-four people to have hit over 500 career home runs  .
it shows him giving chocolate ice cream to his dog .
often  ,  deletion discussions are closed by administrators  .
asimo is a robot .  it makes its debut in belgium .
many scientific developments took place at the washington navy yard  .
the galaxy was once a normal spiral galaxy before it had a head-on collision with a smaller companion about 200 million years ago  .
another recruitment magazine jiu jik ( 招職 )  ,  published by south china morning post  ,  replaced recruit as the only free recruitment magazine distributed in mtr stations on every tuesdays and fridays  .
nearly 19 , 000 bangladeshis detected in meghalaya .
theo walcott to miss world cup for england .
although neumünster zoo set a price of $ 700 , 000  ,  berlin zoo stated that they would not pay `` a cent more  than $ 350 , 000 ( $ 488 , 145 )  .
microsoft agent is the technology created by microsoft which uses animated characters text to speech engines  ,  and speech recognition software to improve interaction with computer users  .
connie talbot ( born 20 november 2000 ) is an english child singer  .
notable undecidable figures include : swedish artist oscar reutersvärd was the first to deliberately design many impossible objects  .
in the second millennium bc  ,  mycenae was one of the most important centers of early greek civilization with a strong army  .
a spectrometer is an optical instrument used to measure properties of light over a specific portion of the electromagnetic spectrum  .
because of this  ,  richard takes kahlan to his best friend  ,  zedd  .
tatsu then went to japan to promote the new wwe smackdown vs .  raw 2011 video game along with maryse and after months of not appearing on wwe television he returned on the november 11 episode of wwe superstars where he defeated zack ryder  .
john eleuthère du pont ( november 22  ,  1938 - december 9  ,  2010 ) was an american convicted murderers  .
this happens at a shopping centre .
some people want better services .  they protest .
australia to take in 500 syrian refugees .
teenage brothers killed in crash on their way to school .
it can be 76 centimetres long and 12 kilograms heavy .
it may seem surprising that we d be able to work together  ,  but somehow this is what usually happens  .
porter wayne wagoner ( august 12  ,  1927 - october 28  ,  2007 ) was an american country music singer and songwriter  .
it starts in a classroom .  the classroom is full of children .
dc film society talk on the politics of star wars .
historical attitudes towards oats are very different  .
lamiaceae or labiatae  ,  also known as the mint family  ,  is a family of plants  .
the weight of the sit-ski made it so no skiers could ski moguls or on steep slopes  .
he is green and is called `` dipsy  because his horn looks like a dipstick  .
a who report says processed and red meat cause cancer .
these were the first summer olympics to be held since the 1936 summer olympics in berlin  ,  because no games were held during world war ii  .
the 1961 world ice hockey championships was the 28th time the ice hockey world championships were held  .
what lies beneath  .  .  .  .
twenty years ago ,  the rapper biggie smalls dies .  now ,  a us congressman wants to pay tribute to him .
vieuxtemps continued to compose with great success and perform throughout europe  .
these kittens did not develop areas receiving input from both eyes  ,  a feature needed for binocular vision  .
woodbridge man knocked off bike ,  robbed .
also many prime-time shows use an extensive amount of innuendo to the point that they are rated u . s .  tv pg\/14 d for dialogue  .
in june 2007 melling was called up to the great britain squad and wore the number 1 shirt in the test match against france  .
a cricket field is where cricket is played  .
some of the earth s ancient endorheic systems include :
braid based his practice on that developed by franz mesmer and his followers ( mesmerism or ` animal magnetism  )  ,  but differed in his theory as to how the procedure worked  .
the argument against bringing banks back into federal student lending .
the first earthquake is strong .  there are 20 smaller earthquakes after it
female at birth but identifies as male to be .
however  ,  though the rumors continued  ,  the imperial family continued to be friendly with rasputin until he was murdered on 17 december 1916  .
french priest kidnapped in cameroon freed .
they help direct the appropriate immune response for each different type of foreign object they encounter  .
the vast majority of these ocean coral islands are volcanic in origin  .
thus the convention adjourned with two main objectives : unfortunately  ,  these secret objectives were passed on to the turks by an armenian agent for the government ; consequently as soon as the delegates arrived in constantinople  ,  they were arrested  .
frank sinatra jr .  ,  who lived in the shadow of his famous father ,  dies at 72 .
azad launches indigenously developed diabetes screening system ,  test strips .
the next week on raw  ,  orton claimed that his confidence was at an all-time high  ,  despite what happened on smackdown  !
singapore is the worlds fourth most important financial centre and the second busiest port .
at least nine injured in four crashes on i-95 in virginia involving 20 vehicles .
marge is the wife of homer simpson and the mother of bart  ,  lisa  ,  and maggie simpson  .
however  ,  this second source tends to become more and more important  ,  to finally become the first one  .
supreme court takes up school bathroom rules for transgender students .
scientists say we should keep our house clean .
since 1956  ,  finn lived in a ranch in live oak springs  ,  near pine valley  ,  california  .
north las vegas crews called to garage fire .
the nfl again is talking about shortening the preseason .  will it ever happen ?  .
by the end of the 18th century  ,  tsarskoye selo became a popular place for noble people to visit in the summer  .
finnish industry confidence remains negative in december .
the strength of the fleets of the united kingdom of england was an important element in the kingdom s power in the 10th century  .
former trojan martinez named preseason second team all-american .
it erupts .
secret service says man in a pokémon costume jumped a barrier outside the white house .
the last movie featured his most successful character  ,  virgil tibbs  ,  a philadelphia  ,  pennsylvania detective  .
the alliance party of northern ireland is a liberal and non-sectarian political party in northern ireland  .
scott ian named the band after the disease after he saw it in a biology textbook  ,  as he thought it sounded `` sufficiently evil  ( evil enough )  .
from 1983 to 1990 she was a member of the bundestag for the greens  .
in baltimore  ,  the roof of the historic b&o railroad museum broke  ,  destroying many valuable engines  ,  railroad cars and train souvenirs  .
he went to school in cruz de mayo  .
three shot and wounded outside state theatre in falls church .
she helps the baby out of the pouch .
washington monument reopens after elevator repairs .
by 2020 ,  volvo wants to make cars that are very safe .
the dog jumps into the water .  it pulls the fawn to shore .
barnum promised to supervise the moral and academic education of the brothers  .
then defence ministers of arab countries will look at them .
the deutsche reichspartei ( drp ) ( german reich party  ,  german imperial party or german empire party ) was a nationalist political party in west germany  .
when he retired in 1982 he held the record for most wins as head coach in college football history  .
it plays a key role in memory  ,  attention  ,  perceptual awareness  ,  thought  ,  language  ,  and consciousness  .
jack donahue ( 1804 - 1 september  ,  1830 )  ,  sometimes called john donohue  ,  was a famous australian bushranger  .
usher uses a pick-up line `` you make me wanna leave the one i m wish and start a new relationship with you   .
the hpc issues storm summaries on storm systems bringing significant rainfall and snowfall to portions of the united states  .
he also wrote books and articles  ,  edited texts  ,  translated books from german to english  ,  and published poetry books  .
connecting a bunch of dots in the interest of racial economic equality .
one happens in the car park of the prophet’s mosque in medina .  this is the second most important place in islam .
orlando bloom is the first celebrity to go with unicef .
why ‘whiteness history month’ is coming to an oregon college this year .
marc thiessen to write twice-weekly for the post opinions section .
can you build a boat from cardboard ?  you don’t think so ?  well ,  two men from england say that you can .
the remnant low of goring appears to have redeveloped into a tropical depression on july 16 on july 11  ,  both the jma and jtwc upgraded a tropical disturbance to a tropical depression which was near minamitorishima  .
over 800 competitors come to the games .  they compete in 11 sports .
in winter and spring consecutive spawns take place  ,  interrupted by periods when more eggs and sperm are produced  .
britney spears - britney spears got over trawick really fast .
geoffrey was the oldest son of fulk ii of anjou and his first wife gerberga  .
nottinghamshire police officer charged with misconduct .
the album peaked at # 10 on billboard 200 on july 29  ,  2007  .
drake and rihanna party it up together in los angeles .
the call to prayer happens five times a day ,  from dawn to after sunset .
in many western countries  ,  waterfowl hunting is illegal  ,  and duck hunting is mostly an outdoor sporting activity  .
he was buried in montmartre cemetery with his wife  ,  who only survived him by a few months  ,  dying in childbirth  .
the rose lights symbolise love .  the lights make people happy .
the events are about african americans and african american history .  an african american woman writes to the white house .
saudi arabia says syrian peace talks remain on track ,  easing feud with iran .
often it has the same form as the direct case  ,  but not always : o potrze  !
ali fedotowsky: ready to be pregnant again: ‘i could be’ .
saat was the lead in director serdar akar s movie gecenin kanatları ( wings of the night ) released in december 2009  .
at the age of 97  ,  he is the oldest living united states governor  ,  since october 10  ,  2011 after the death of former washington governor albert rosellini at the age of 101  .
aracaju is the capital and largest city  .
he had no time to train during the day  ,  so he would sneak out of the house at night to train  ,  sometimes at 1 or 2 a . m .  and often in the freezing cold  .
no president pro tempore has taken over the presidency as of 2014  .
it is under water for 30 years .  now ,  the water evaporates .
he has been in the town for 30 years .
the term came from signs that were allegedly posted stating that people of color had to leave the town by sundown  .
people say he is the best boxer ever .
the tna world heavyweight championship is a professional wrestling championship in total nonstop action wrestling  .
he is sometimes credited  ,  mainly starting in the 19th century  ,  as one of the earliest european advocates of the modern scientific method inspired by the works of aristotle and later arabic works  ,  such as the works of muslim scientist alhazen  .
the pictures show flight mh17 .
lopez s debut single `` if you had my love  was serviced to radio in the united states on may 4  ,  1999  .
in 2007  ,  the authors could send in their texts in three categories : short story  ,  poetry and essay  .
a few people run away ,  but most people fall in the water .
the warm ,  round pancake symbolises the sun .  it welcomes spring .
the nucleus is surrounded by a cloud of electrons with a negative charge which are bound to the nucleus by an electromagnetic force  .
her family and an organisation help her .
buzz sees a commercial for buzz lightyear action figures just like himself and realizes that woody was right about him being a toy  .
the uks ex-foreign minister made comments about women wearing the burka .
prince george’s county orders 12 strip clubs to shut their doors by friday .
peterson retains ibf junior welterweight title ,  unanimously outpointing dierry jean .
rescuers said the boys were very hungry .
maryland court approves new rules on firms that buy rights to settlement payouts .
part of pennsylvania avenue nw closed .
heine himself said  ,  his conversion was `` the ticket of admission into european culture   .
the historic railway station at rolandseck now houses a museum devoted to the work of hans arp  .
how federalism can help minorities and the poor .
if one wedge was turned over  ,  the other acts as a regular $ 1 , 000 cash space and can not be turned over  .
aquino arrives in zamboanga .
raise your weapon is a song by canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from greta svabo bech  .
the style is based on les invalides in paris  .
u . s .  officials said iran was harassing and provoking their naval vessels  .
he then joined the argonauts on the quest for the golden fleece  .
local teams send out season’s greetings with these holiday videos .
scrap metal workers fined for accepting ``suspicious cables .
the music video for `` if i were a boy  was directed by jake nava and portrays knowles a nypd officer  .
secret service bicycle officer struck by vehicle near white house .
harrisburg is the capital city of pennsylvania  ,  one of four u . s .  states called a commonwealth of the united states  .
john newhouse ,  author of ‘war and peace in the nuclear age , ’ dies at 87 .
requests for immunity ,  as michael flynn sought ,  are rarely granted .
steve spurrier offers take on proposed substitution rule .
both he and his younger brother fulk  ,  called le réchin  ,  were raised at the court of their uncle  ,  geoffrey martel  .
the migrants in calais do not want to stay there .
the day mainstream media became old in south africa .
to get money  ,  mr .  x has to recruit others like him who will also make a payment  .
the grassland steppe  ,  including the land bridge  ,  that stretched for several hundred miles into the continents on either side has been called beringia  .
people let them go into a river .  the river is the amazon .
uk advertising spending falls in first half of 2013 .
davies has held several posts including artistic director of the dartington summer school from 1979 to 1984 and has held posts  .
republicans aggressively push approval of trump cabinet nominees .
the rebel soldiers leave their tanks
he is best known for prosecuting charges of child molestation against michael jackson in 2005  .
it is the 50th day after easter ( and the 10th day after ascension thursday )  .
herbert buckingham khaury  ,  better known as tiny tim ( april 12  ,  1932-november 30  ,  1996 )  ,  was an american singer and musician  .
the field name is dollinger field  .
before the 10th november  ,  he had already killed 32 axis soldiers with the standard mosin-nagant rifle  .
adair originally auditioned for david martone  ,  a guitarist that wanted to start a instrumental fusion band  .
the summit has three peaks  ,  all very close to each other : the group of three peaks runs north-northwest to southeast along the spanish-french border  .
the incest taboo is and has been one of the most common of all cultural taboos  ,  both in current nations and many past societies  ,  with legal penalties imposed in some jurisdictions  .
the first known mermaid stories appeared in assyria  ,  ca  .
sainte-mélanie is a municipality in the lanaudière region of quebec  ,  canada  .
the extratropical storm  ,  which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength  ,  came close to about 105 miles ( 165 km ) while north of the islands that night  .
this species may be found in a variety of open habitats and gardens  .
they want to make it go away from him .
we do not know how the deer got there .
we must ask from others what others can do ,  the king continued .
saeed jaffrey ,  indian-born actor in british and bollywood fare ,  dies at 86 .
banks says case against him led by fraudster .
the other spirits in gälûñ ` lätï were eager to come down to the new earth  .
other actors who were seriously considered included alan alda and sidney poitier for the president  ,  judd hirsch for leo  ,  eugene levy for toby  ,  and cch pounder for c . j .   .
there is seafood in there .
angelina jolie and brad pitt attend the bafta awards-- .
the deal was accepted and the band recorded two music videos - `` hammerfall  and `` glory to the brave   .
her solo debut album  ,  letoya  ,  topped the u . s .  billboard 200 albums chart in july 2006 and was certified platinum by the riaa in december 2006  .
japans leader shinzo abe visited pearl harbor .
bayer set to acquire algeta in first quarter .
the ucla\/getty master s program in archaeological and ethnographic conservation is here  .
a new fire station and new faa air traffic control tower facility were also built  .
for example ,  he was in a room with a cow for 24 hours
an arpeggiated chord is written with a wiggly line going from top to bottom in front of the chord  .
it is a hoverbike .  maybe ,  it will fly near you soon .
ricky gervais considering david brent album .
the hind wing is mottled with browns and grays  .
help wanted is the pilot episode of spongebob squarepants for season one  .
there are different kinds of treponema pallidum  ,  which cause diseases like syphilis  ,  bejel  ,  pinta and yaws  .
james torrey smith ( born january 26  ,  1989 ) is an american wide receiver in the national football league  .
the skeleton was badly preserved : large pieces of the skull were missing  ,  and most of the bones in the limbs were damaged  .
will kejriwal take on modi in varanasi ?  .
he constructed many beautiful buildings in turin  ,  for instance the palazzo reale where he died  .
austrian 1910 census indicated approximately 182 , 500 people who listed italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of slovenia and croatia : 137 , 131 in istria  ,  28 , 911 in fiume\/rijeka ( 1918 )  ,  11 , 487 in zara\/zadar  ,  5 , 000 in dalmatia  ,  while the italian 1936 census indicated approximately 230 , 000 people who listed italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of slovenia and croatia  ,  then part of the italian state ( ca  .
abbott gleason ,  scholar of russian history and culture ,  dies at 77 .
the curved air flow from extratropical cyclones bringing cold air across the relatively warm great lakes can lead to narrow lake effect snow bands  .
in `` a good man goes to war   ,  the baby is kidnapped by the eye-patched woman  ,  madame kovarian  .
they protest against the far-right ball of the party .
italian scientists train dogs to smell prostate cancer .
testament is an american thrash metal band from berkeley  ,  california  ,  formed in 1983  .
with r . a .  fisher and j . b . s .  haldane  ,  he was a founder of theoretical population genetics  .
proposals for constructing a bridge across the river tay date back to at least 1854  .
gold futures remain low at mid-day due to sluggish demand .
there are presidents of other african countries .
agnes  ,  by contrast  ,  has no friends and is constantly depressed  .
it has a mean opposition magnitude of +8 . 5  ,  about equal to the mean brightness of titan and can reach +7 . 9 at a near perihelion opposition  .
happy feet was dedicated to the following people : nick enright  ,  michael jonson  ,  robby mcneilly green  ,  and steve irwin  .
they surf .  dogs of different kinds and sizes take part .
legoland makes a christmas tree .
deaf woman is killed in northwest washington hit-and-run .
fairfax county public schools closed on thursday .
two polio vaccines are used throughout the world against poliomyelitis ( or polio )  .
it was released in the us on february 25  ,  2005  .
it is the capital of a separate commune within puławy county and the lublin voivodeship  .
aaliyah attended the detroit high school for the performing arts  ,  where she majored in drama and graduated in 1997  .
after automobiles ( cars ) became more popular than using horses to get around  ,  his father became a groundskeeper and handyman for some families in the area  .
the diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other prograde non-spherical moons of saturn  .
bracha peli ( 1892-1986 ) was the owner of the massada publishing house in israel  .
the snake gets a check-up .  a vet checks the snake’s heart .
all new volvo cars will have an electric motor from 2019 .
fanny s debut album `` lágrimas cálidas  ( warm tears ) was released in 2006  .
it is speculated that he was responsible for john lombes mysterious death six years later in 1722  .
the vault of horror ( also called vault of horror  ,  further tales from the crypt and tales from the crypt ii ) is a british anthology horror movie  .
the people tell them about this .  the officials want to find the man .
they have been in central asia for 2 , 600 years .
the storm  ,  which caused nine fatalities  ,  formed from an area of cloud on august 30  ,  2007  ,  and became a tropical storm the next day  .
hidden from the road by the power station  ,  the mill s existence was largely forgotten by the general public until the power station was removed in 1970  .
the series developed following the success of 1995 theatrical film the american president  ,  for which aaron sorkin wrote the screenplay  ,  and martin sheen played the white house chief of staff  .
from 1976 to 2001  ,  he was a professor of economics at northwestern university s kellogg school of management  .
female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year  .
toym awardee chris tiu is more than just a basketball player .
germany sent an 11-man team  ,  which won five of the eight events  ,  including both team events  .
the common feud on the smackdown brand was between edge and the undertaker  ,  with the two battling over the world heavyweight championship  .
